10587:adv_script_raika_chieri_linkstory_3 Raika & Chieri 3

(Background change)

[Shopping Street]

Chieri: Well then, Aunt Akemi, thank you for today!
Raika: Cherieee! Nice work on your shift~
Chieri: Raika! Did you come to pick Chieri up? That's the right attitude!
Raika: You could just say, "I'm happy," you know~
Chieri: Why don't you admit you came because you wanted to see Chieri's face, Raika?
Raika: That's my Cherie. You know me so well~
Chieri: Right? Right?! Chieri earned genius points left and right today by doing the most amaaazing job in the whole world!
Raika: Ooh, you're on fire. I thought you'd be nervous on your first day at a new job~
Chieri: The word "nervous" does not exist in Chieri's dictionary!
Raika: No waaay! You only ate half your usual breakfast this morning~
Chieri: Th-That was only because Chieri was a little sleepy! It was not because of nerves!
Raika: And why couldn't you sleep? Because you were nervous, maybe~?
Chieri: Mrrr... If you're not going to praise Chieri for being the most amazing in the world, she's going home by herself!
Raika: Ahaha, okay, okay, I'm sorry!
Raika: So, how was work? Did you have fun?
Chieri: Fun...? Raika, work is not play, you know.
Chieri: Getting paid means properly proving just how amazing Chieri is.
Raika: That's 1 genius point for understanding that on day one!
Chieri: A genius point earned, then. Heh-heh. Only natural for Chieri.
Chieri: Chieri's greatness doesn't stop there. She was praised for learning the menu so quickly!
Raika: Whoa! That's 2 genius points! That bento shop is famous for having a ton of menu items.
Chieri: There's more where that came from!
Chieri: And get this: Chieri didn't forget a single pair of chopsticks or wet wipe! Aunt Akemi said she's the first part-timer ever to do that!
Raika: First ever!? That's worth 500 million genius points!!
Chieri: Ha-ha-ha! I know, I know!!
Chieri: There's nothing Chieri can't do! She is going to become the top boss with 100 million subordinates one day!
Raika: There she is, the future shift leader!
Chieri: Heh-heh. Chieri will make this a world-famous, three-star bento shop!
Raika: Man, I'm glad you're having such a good time with it~
Chieri: You can be jealous if you want. You are Chieri's rival, after all.
Raika: I'm not jealous! It makes me happy when Cherie gets praised.
Chieri: Hmm... I feel like you lack awareness as Chieri's rival... Well, fine. Chieri is in the best mood today!
Raika: Oh, I know! Let's go buy your favorite snacks, Cherie! To celebrate your big success on your first day!
Chieri: That sounds wonderful! Oh, but Miku said not to buy any more snacks for a while, since Chieri just bought some...
Raika: Oh, right. She said we should cut down on wasting money? But this counts as a "necessary expense," doesn't it!
Chieri: True...!! This is a proper ceremony to sing the praises of Hyper-Amazing Chieri!
Raika: All right, let's go, Cherie! We're going on a snack-buying spreeee!!
Chieri: Yeahhh!!
