10086:adv_script_kadan_005_1_07 I won't give up "Home"!!

My voice has never reached Dad, not even once.

(Background change)

[The Next Morning]

(Background change)
(Video: https://assets.bdon.moe/zh-Hans/Cri/Video/adv/adv_movie_family_morning_kadan_07/adv_movie_family_morning_kadan_07/adv_movie_family_morning_kadan_07.mp4)
(Caption): 一家Dumb Rock!バンスト1章　豪華なファミリー朝ごはん
(Subtitle) raika: Yeah, this is what a family morning is supposed to be...!
(Subtitle) raika: "The day's plan lies in the breakfast with family"... Finally, it becomes true...!
(Subtitle) raika: Alright, let's have breakfast, my family! Let's put our hands together and say...
(Subtitle) raika: Huh~~!? You're already eating!?
(Subtitle) chieri: If you don't eat quickly, Raika, Chieri will take all the croissants!
(Subtitle) yomogi: Perfectly cooked bacon and eggs, and even a fruit platter... This place might just be heaven...!
(Subtitle) miku: Yomogi-san, you seem lively this morning.
(Subtitle) yomogi: Yes, it's so lavish that I'm wide awake now!
(Subtitle) chieri: This crispy sausage is pretty good too...!
(Subtitle) raika: Hold on!! Everyone, did you say "Let's eat"!?
(Subtitle) miku: We did. But Raika-chan wasn't listening, apparently.
(Subtitle) raika: Huh, really!?
(Subtitle) shizuku: You're not eating, Raika? At this rate, the food will disappear in no time.
(Subtitle) raika: I'm eating, I'm eating! Let's eat!
(Subtitle) raika: *Chew*... Mmm~~~! Delicious~~~!!
(Subtitle) chieri: Miku, if you're not eating that yogurt parfait, Chieri will take it!
(Subtitle) miku: Yeah, go right ahead~
(Subtitle) yomogi: *Sniff*... What's that on this omelet...?
(Subtitle) shizuku: It's a lobster.
(Subtitle) yomogi: Eek...!
(Subtitle) raika: Lobster!? Can we really eat something like this in the morning!?
(Subtitle) shizuku: ? You don't eat things like this in the morning?
(Subtitle) raika: I've never eaten it in my entire life, let alone in the morning!
(Subtitle) shizuku: I see. I thought it was quite similar to the breakfast at my home though...
(Subtitle) raika: Sure it was! Because—
(Subtitle) raika: Ouch!?
(Subtitle) miku: Oh, sorry~ I think my foot accidentally touched yours.
(Subtitle) raika: Touched? It was more like you stomped on my foot!?
(Subtitle) miku: (That's because you were about to say something unnecessary. Do you forget things after three steps? Are you bird-brained?)
(Subtitle) raika: ...! W-Well, I guess things like that happen...! Ahaha...!
(Subtitle) miku: Hehehehe...
Yomogi: Cherie-san... do you want this omelet? I'm not really big on seafood...
Chieri: Yomogi, you were also avoiding the vegetables earlier, weren't you? You can't be picky about food!
Yomogi: Uh... I'm not in a position to be picky, but yet I am, I'm sorry~!
Raika: You're one to talk, Cherie, even though you hate konjac~
Chieri: What...!? Why do you know that?
Raika: Ahaha, gotcha~! The other day, I got some Chikuzenni, and only konjac was left!
Chieri: I-I don't hate it. I just don't eat it because it's all squishy and looks weak!
Shizuku: Raika, you're amazing. You can even tell what people like and dislike.
Raika: That's because we're family! I've gotta know what you like and what you don't.
Shizuku: Is that so... I don't know what food my family likes or dislikes.
Raika: I see... Well, from now on, try figuring out what we like and dislike! Let's practice together!
Shizuku: Yeah...
Miku: ("From now on," "together"... She's really...)
Miku: Raika-chan, can we talk for a bit, just the two of us?
Raika: ? Yeah... Then shall we go to the dining room door?
Raika: So, what's this about...?
Miku: It's about Shizuku-chan. And this morning.
Raika: This morning... Oh!
(Background change)
Raika: Miku, wake up, wake up!
Miku: Hm... Huh, Raika-chan...!?
Raika: Ms. Nanny is here. Come say hello with me, Miku.
Miku: Ms. Nanny... you mean Shizuku-chan's...? Huh, why me?
Raika: It was you who helped Shizuku so quickly yesterday, Miku! Come on, hurry up!
Miku: Hey... could you not drag me...!
(Background change)
Shizuku's Nanny: It's a pleasure to meet you. I am the one in charge of looking after young lady Shizuku.
Miku: (A classical maid outfit... In a normal residential street, it really stands out...)
Raika: Let me introduce ourselves. I am Raika, and this is my family member Miku.
Miku: Um... You came to pick up Shizuku-chan, right?
Shizuku's Nanny: No, I just came here to express my gratitude.
Miku: What?
Shizuku's Nanny: After parting with young lady yesterday, I have been quietly watching over her from the shadows.
Shizuku's Nanny: When we parted, I gave her a map with a temporary shelter marked on it. But young lady got distracted by a kitten she saw, and ended up losing the map...
Shizuku's Nanny: I gave her all kinds of hints from the shadows, but young lady didn't seem to notice any of them. I was at a loss.
Miku: (Then why not just help her directly?)
Shizuku's Nanny: When young lady began to doze off near a trash can, I was thinking I might have to step in myself, then you came and saved her.
Raika: Yeah...? No, no, it wasn't a big deal!
Miku: Raika-chan, is it really okay to say yes when you don't actually understand?
Shizuku's Nanny: I can entrust young lady to you with peace of mind. Please take good care of her from now on.
Raika: Yeah, it's our plea—
Miku: Please wait a moment! Are you really thinking about Shizuku-chan?
Miku: She got kicked out because of family circumstances, and now you're leaving her with a household of strangers... She's being pushed around by her family.
Miku: We were actually about to call the police yesterday. But do you know what Shizuku-chan said then?
Miku: Ms. Nanny, she pleaded for us to not call the police, so that you wouldn't lose your job.
Shizuku's Nanny: Young lady...
Miku: Oh, sorry. I didn't need to tell you that, did I? I mean, you've been taking care of Shizuku-chan all along♪
Raika: Miku...?
Shizuku's Nanny: You have only just met young lady, and yet you have thought this much for her.
Miku: ...!
Shizuku's Nanny: You are absolutely right. It has been painful for us too. But this is a "trial that young lady must overcome."
Miku: Um, that sounds nice, but—
Shizuku's Nanny: Young lady needs to leave her "family." Right now.
Raika & Miku: ...!
Shizuku's Nanny: With you, young lady will be fine. That's what my 70-year maid intuition is telling me loud and clear!
Shizuku's Nanny: Besides, I have looked into all four of your backgrounds and histories. And I have already received approval from Raika-sama's grandmother.
Miku: Huh!? You investigated all that in a single night...!?
Raika: Oh~! If you've already talked to Granny, then I'm good with it!
Miku: Raika-chan...!
Shizuku's Nanny: Her luggage has already been arranged to be delivered here, so please just receive it upon arrival.
Raika: Okay~! Leave it to me!
Shizuku's Nanny: How reassuring. Well then, as a small token of gratitude, please allow this nanny to prepare today's breakfast.
Raika: Thank you so much! Please come on in!
Miku: Hey, wait...!!
Miku: (Geez, you idiot!! Don't say yes when you don't even understand!!)
(Background change)
Raika: Why does this have to be kept secret from Shizuku? Ms. Nanny could have seen Shizuku before leaving.
Miku: More importantly, you do understand what this means, right?
Miku: It means we're going to look after some young lady in this house. And you just agreed so casually... Did you really think this through?
Raika: That face again... Miku, are you angry?
Miku: ! I'm not angry... I'm just feeling a bit uneasy.
Raika: It's fine. Because Ms. Nanny trusted us enough to leave her with us.
Miku: (That's not what I'm talking about...!)
Miku: (After I leave, what will happen to her? Just left behind in the jungle of rare animals? That would leave such a bad taste in my mouth.)
Raika: I don't know the place where Shizuku grew up, nor the places where you and others grew up. But we're family, so I'm ready to protect you.
Raika: The rest is up to Shizuku.
Miku: (She really doesn't understand anything...!!)
Chieri: Raika, Miku! How long are you going to keep whispering!?
Chieri: This juicy ham, Chieri will take the last slice of it!
Raika: Huh! I haven't even had any yet!
Miku: Chieri-chan, you really eat a lot~
Chieri: Hehe, I could easily put another hundred slices of this ham into my stomach. Chieri's stomach is the strongest too.
Raika: Really~? I don't think that much would fit~
Chieri: It would! Very easily!
(CG insert: https://assets.bdon.moe/zh-Hans/Adv/Still/charaillust/adv_still_charaillust_000040/data/adv_still_charaillust_000040/adv_still_charaillust_000040.webp)
Shizuku: Raika, I will join.
Raika: Huh!? Shizuku, you eat that much too!?
Shizuku: ? I mean the family.
Yomogi & Chieri: Huh~~~!?!?
Shizuku: There are so many things I don't know. Myself, my family... and this "family."
Shizuku: So I want to know about "family" first. And then, I want to be able to think about myself and my family.
Shizuku: That's what I want to do now.
Raika: Shizuku...!
Shizuku: Even with a reason like this, would you accept me as family?
Miku: *Sigh*...
Raika: Of course!! We're all on your side, and we'll be your number one cheer squad!
Raika: Because that's what "family" is!
Raika: Right? Miku.
Miku: We have to try hard~♪
Miku: (Well, it's you who have to try hard.)
Shizuku: Thank you. Then...
Raika: Shizuku? Why did you stand up?
Shizuku: Everyone, I am Shizuku Shinomiya. Please take good care of me from now on.
Yomogi: Sh-She bowed like a princess...!!
Chieri: Ch-Chieri can bow gracefully too, you know!
Raika: Please take good care of us too, Shizuku!
Miku: Shizuku-chan, you probably shouldn't say that outside~ People could get the wrong idea.
Miku: (Even her nanny didn't mean to marry her off to a place like this, right?)
Shizuku: Is that so...? I see. I'll be more careful from now on.
Chieri: More importantly, Shizuku, please think this through carefully once more. Are you joining the family, or the Chieri Union?
Shizuku: Um... I'm not allowed to belong to both?
Chieri: No, you're not! Now, please make your choice!
Raika: Shizuku has already chosen family, right~?
Shizuku: Maybe I should take more time to think this through...
(Background change)

[The Next Day - Break Time]

Miku: Yes, yes... If transferring dorms is difficult, could you recommend a boarding house or something...
Miku: No... there's no problem with the room. It's just... the cohabitants...
Miku: Yes... It's my fault that I made the decision in a hurry.
Miku: Thank you very much. I'm sorry to trouble you, but I'd appreciate your help.
Miku: (Okay, I've contacted the real estate agent. Next is...)
(Message) Mother: Miku-chan, are you eating properly? Have you gotten along with the other girls in the dorm?
Miku: ...
Classmate: Miku-chan, time to move~
Miku: Yeah, I'm coming~
(Background change)

[After School]

Miku: Good work~
Miku: (The soonest I could move would be around summer vacation...)
(Background change)
(Message) Mother: Miku-chan, are you eating properly? Have you gotten along with the other girls in the dorm?
(Message) Mother: Will you be able to come home during summer vacation? I'm looking forward to hearing all about what you've been up to, Miku-chan.
(Background change)
Miku: (If she knows my current situation, I might get brought back before summer vacation...)
Miku: *Sigh*...
Shizuku: Miku?
Miku: Whoa!? Oh, Shizuku-chan...
Shizuku: You look tired. What happened?
Miku: Nothing. Hey, Shizuku-chan, that T-shirt really suits you~
Shizuku: Thank you. Raika dressed me in it.
Miku: Dressed you in it?
Shizuku: This is my first time wearing this kind of clothes, so I had no idea how to put it on. I tried it once, and then Raika told me I had it on backwards.
Shizuku: I was also taught that changing clothes is something you do alone. The world is vast, isn't it, Miku?
Miku: Yeah~
Miku: (Her nanny even helped her change clothes... Classic princess household...)
Chieri: Newcomer Shizuku, you were here!
Chieri: Come with me! I'll show you how Chieri works!
Shizuku: I'd love to go and see, but Raika told me to wait here.
Miku: Speaking of which, where is Raika-chan?
Shizuku: There was a visitor. She said she'd come back after dealing with—
The woman in a suit: As I said, let's talk properly one more time!
Raika: We're finished talking~! Now go on, leave!
Shizuku: It seems she's still dealing with that.
Miku: Hey, that person... She was also here the day I moved into this dorm...
Chieri: Hehe, you newcomers wouldn't know. That person is Suzuki-san, and she is Raika's father's subordinate.
Miku: Huh... So Raika-chan's father works for a music company.
Chieri: He is not just any employee. I heard that Raika's father is the company president!
Chieri: How's that for Chieri's knowledge!
Shizuku: Amazing! Cherie, you know everything!
Chieri: Yes, Chieri is amazing! You can respect me more!
Suzuki: Please face reality. No matter how you look at it, this is in the red, red!
Suzuki: Then wouldn't it be safer to entrust it to your father's company?
Raika: Entrust~? You said you would tear down the live house, didn't you!
Suzuki: Y-Yes... We will renovate it into a studio, but the spirit of the live house will be passed on, you know...!
Raika: An idol project studio and a live house, aren't their spirits fundamentally different~?
Suzuki: That... that may be true, but...!
Raika: In the first place, entrusting it to Dad doesn't even make sense!
Raika: This is our "home." And originally, it was Granny's live house!
Suzuki: She is your grandmother on your mother's side, right? I heard that from the president.
Suzuki: And your grandmother also said she would go along with whatever you decide, Raika-san.
Raika: So, I'm saying I won't give up our "home." Isn't that enough?
Raika: If you keep bothering me, I'll call the police! Police~!
Suzuki: P-Please wait! Actually, um... Oh, right.
Suzuki: The president is worried about you, Raika-san. He said his daughter is trapped by a live house in the red.
Raika: Huh?
Suzuki: And he said that if you are in trouble, as the president and as your father, he wants to help you.
Raika: Dad isn't that kind of person.
Suzuki: Huh?
Raika: I don't think he has ever wondered if I'm in trouble. Dad's catchphrase is, "I don't get you at all."
Raika: My voice has never reached Dad, not even once.
Miku & Chieri & Shizuku: ...
Miku: (That girl... I guess she's not hopelessly naive about her family after all.)
Raika: So Suzuki-san, what you said just now was a lie! Too bad~ I'm not falling for it!
Suzuki: Seriously... you are really good at making that annoying look...!
Raika: You don't want to see this face anymore, right~? So you'd better not come again, okay~?
Suzuki: Yeah, I don't want to see that... But I will come again! Until I get this live house!
Raika: So persistent...!!
Suzuki: Say whatever you want. A shabby and empty place in the red like this, I know how to use it smarter than you do~
Raika: What'd you say~? You've never even seen a single "Nest" live!
Suzuki: No, I've not. Because it's not necessary.
Raika: It's definitely necessary! You can only understand the charm of a live house in a live show!
Raika: So please come see tomorrow's regular live! Once you see it, you won't be able to say you want to tear this place down!
Suzuki: Huh... I don't think it will make any difference even if I watch it, though.
Raika: You'll change your mind, definitely.
Raika: No, I'll change your mind! With our family's live performance!!
Miku & Chieri: Huh...?
