10457:adv_script_anotherstory_10457 Ikka Dumb Rock!

(Chieri'll show them how amazing Chieri is, in a way that's different from big bro Haru and big sis Aki...!)

(Background change)
Chieri: *Chew*... *Swallow*.
Chieri: Thanks for the meal! Hehe, Chieri's still the fastest this morning!
Raika: So fast! You'll get a stomachache if you don't chew properly.
Shizuku: Is that something your grandmother used to say too?
Raika: Right~!
Chieri: Chieri's stomach is the strongest too, so it never hurts!
Chieri: Yomogi, how long are you going to sleep? Chieri has already finished eating!
Yomogi: *Yawn*...
Miku: Cherie, did you just put the food you don't like onto Yomogi-san's plate?
Raika: Oh, it's true! Yomogi's plate has a mountain of konjac on it!
Chieri: I-It's not like that! I just felt like Yomogi might've wanted it, that's all!
Chieri: Anyway, Chieri's finished eating and is gonna wash the dishes now!
Chieri: You could learn from Chieri's amazingness, you know!
Raika: Ahaha, that's totally a lie~!
Miku: Thanks for the meal...
(Background change)
Chieri: Okay, dishes done! That's the speed you'd expect from the union leader!
Miku: Alright, if you're done, move aside.
Chieri: Miku...! You came to wash the dishes right away, following Chieri's example!
Chieri: Miku, you're a promising subordinate. You could even be Chieri's right-hand person!
Miku: I'm not your subordinate.
Chieri: Mmm... You could drop the act and be honest.
Miku: Well... To be honest, Cherie, you're actually amazing. I'm kinda surprised that you do housework and other things yourself.
Chieri: Hehe, what's with the surprise now!? Of course the union leader can do anything!
Miku: Huh...
Chieri: And compared to Chieri, Raika and the others can't do anything unless Chieri takes care of them!
Chieri: When you're not here, Miku, Chieri's been taking care of the entire union life... Honestly, they're all handfuls.
Chieri: Honestly, it's a good thing that Chieri had been doing these back at home...
Chieri: ...
Chieri: (Housework... "Things like this" are not amazing. Just things anyone can do.)
Chieri: (There was a time when Chieri tried to get them to notice me through "Things like this." That's how I learned to do them.)
Chieri: (Because Chieri could never be number one at studying or sports, like my big bro Haru or big sis Aki.)
Chieri: (But... I understand now. What Chieri needs to achieve.)
Chieri: (The days when I worked so hard and got results, only for no one to notice, are over.)
Chieri: (Chieri'll show them how amazing Chieri is, in a way that's different from big bro Haru and big sis Aki...!)
Miku: Cherie...?
(Background change)
Chieri: You could have just answered it. We don't get calls very often, you know.
(Background change)
Miku: ...
Miku: Hey... Cherie, I heard you got angry for me?
Chieri: Huh?
Miku: That time when Suzuki-san tried to break our agreement.
Miku: I heard from Raika that "Cherie got so angry she cried, all for Miku, and for the family."
Chieri: That was for the subordinate of Chieri Union! And Chieri wasn't crying!
Miku: Anyway... I might be a little happy about that...
Chieri: Huh...!
Miku: You said I did an amazing thing, and I should be praised.
Miku: I haven't really had people say things like that to me before, you know.
Miku: So... I don't really understand though... The fact that you can say that, Cherie, that's pretty amazing too, right?
Chieri: ...
Miku: Hey, say something...
Chieri: Yes... That's right! Chieri is amazing!!
Chieri: And Miku, you too! You worked so hard all alone! Miku, you're amazing!
Chieri: All the efforts, and the results, every single bit of them deserves to be recognized!
Chieri: If this world isn't like that, Chieri won't allow it!!
Miku: Yeah...
Chieri: Hehe, you're happy to be praised by Chieri, aren't you! You can be more obvious about it!
Chieri: You've been praised this much by Chieri, so you can make it your life's treasure!
Miku: My life's treasure... I'll think about it.
Chieri: No need to think about it! Because—
Chieri: Because these are the precious words of the Chieri Union Leader with 100 million subordinates in the future! Hehehehe!
Miku: Ah... Yeah, right.
Chieri: Even Chieri's shaking at my own amazingness! Chieri must keep working hard to gather more subordinates for the union today!
Chieri: Miku, please go spread the word about how amazing Chieri is! I'm counting on you!
Miku: Maybe I shouldn't have said that...
