10458:adv_script_anotherstory_10458 I won't give up "Home"!!

I am surprised myself. I had no idea there were so many things I did not know.

(Background change)

[The day after Shizuku joined the Family]

(Background change)
Shizuku: Excuse me.
Shizuku: Hmm... So this is a livehouse.
Shizuku: (I was told this was where concerts were held, but it is quite different from a concert hall.)
Shizuku: (The size, the dim lighting, the interior... everything is different. Perhaps they will set out chairs for the audience later?)
Yori: Huh... A customer~? We're not open yet...
Shizuku: Forgive me for entering without permission. I came here to undertake something called a "part-time job."
Yori: Wait... Who are you, anyway?
Shizuku: My name is Shizuku Shinomiya. I'm a second-year student at Tsukinomori Girls' Academy, Middle School.
Yori: Oh, you're the girl who just moved into the dorm... Wait, you're a middle school student?
Shizuku: Hm? Yes. Raika told me to come here, but...
Chieri: Oh! It's our newcomer, Shizuku! You're finally here!
Raika: All right, Shizuku! Let's get started—
Yori: Raika, I can't let this kid work here~ I'd get arrested.
Raika: Wait, really!?
Yori: You have to be in high school to work here. If that's clear, hurry up and take her back to the dorm~
Raika: But Shizuku is Family! We have to work at our "home" and put on live shows together!
Yori: Here we go again... You and that old lady bring up "Family" every chance you get...
Raika: There's so much I want to teach Shizuku— about our home, and about the Family.
Raika: So please, Deputy Manager!
Shizuku: I do not wish to cause trouble, but could you allow me to help within the bounds of the law?
Yori: Hmm... Fine. We'll call it work experience. You'll mostly just watch and only help with the really easy stuff. Got it?
Shizuku: Yes. I understand.
Raika: Thanks, Deputy Manager~!
Raika: Okay, Shizuku! Go change into this in the room over there! It's the same staff T-shirt we're wearing!
Shizuku: Hmm...
Raika: I wonder if Shizuku's ready yet~ I can't wait to teach her all kinds of things~!
Chieri: I mean, the newcomer is taking way too long to change! It's already been fifteen minutes!
Shizuku: My apologies for keeping you waiting.
Chieri: You sure did... Wait, Shizuku!? What's with that outfit!?
Raika: Hahaha! Oh, Shizuku! Your T-shirt's on backward!
Shizuku: "Front" and "back"... What do you mean?
Chieri: Don't tell me you don't know how to put it on...!?
Shizuku: Nanny has always helped me get dressed. I have never dressed myself before, nor have I ever worn clothing like this.
Raika: O-Oh... I see~!
Raika: Then I'll teach you anything you've never done before! Come on, let's get you changed again!
Chieri: And once you've wrung out the mop, you can start cleaning the floor! Well? Starting to respect me now?
Shizuku: Yes. This tool is remarkable, and so are you for being able to use it, Cherie. Cleaning is new to me as well, so I am learning a great deal.
Chieri: This is... your first time cleaning?
Shizuku: Um... First, I dip the mop in the water, and then...
Chieri: Aaaah!! What are you doing, dumping the whole bucket of water everywhere~!?
Shizuku: My apologies. This tool is large and heavy, and rather difficult to handle.
Chieri: Don't just stand there! Hurry up and wipe it up! Here, use this!
Raika: Okay, Shizuku, let's try washing some glasses together! Use this sponge!
Shizuku: Are glasses cleaned one at a time... by hand?
Raika: Huh? Yeah. The dirt won't come off unless you wash them, right?
Shizuku: I see... So you use something called a sponge to wash each glass one at a time.
Raika: Oh, right... This is new to you too...! Okay, first, rinse it with water.
Shizuku: Understood.
Shizuku: ...
Raika: Shizuku? Why are you just standing there with the glass held out?
Shizuku: Hm? I am waiting for the water to come out.
Raika: Waiting for the water...? Oh! Our faucets aren't automatic.
Raika: You turn the handle like this. See? Now the water's running~
Shizuku: Oh...
Chieri: Nnngh...!
Chieri: Jeeez, you can't do a single thing, can you!? You're one troublesome subordinate, Shizuku!
Shizuku: I am surprised myself. I had no idea there were so many things I did not know.
Shizuku: It seems you were right, Cherie. There is not much I can do.
Chieri: ...
Raika: It's okay! From here on out, you can keep finding new things you can do!
Chieri: That's right! If you're Chieri's subordinate, you can't talk like you've already given up!
Raika: And finding out just how much you don't know or can't do yet is a step forward, too!
Raika: I'll teach you absolutely everything I know, Shizuku! Before you know it, you'll find all kinds of things you can do!
Shizuku: ...
Shizuku: (I still do not understand what Big Sis and Nanny mean by "the things I must know.")
Shizuku: (And yet, right before me are so many things I know nothing about.)
Shizuku: (For now, what I can do is learn about them one by one.)
Shizuku: Thank you, both of you.
Raika: Yeah! Want to try wiping down the drink counter next? Use this cleaning wipe.
Raika: Fold it like this... then wipe the counter, just like that! Now you try, Shizuku.
Shizuku: Fold this in half... like this?
Chieri: Ooh~! Yes, that's it! Keep it up!
Raika: Now flip the wipe over!
Shizuku: There is... just a little dirt on it?
Shizuku: Does this mean... I did it?
Raika: Yeah, you did it! You really did!! Way to go, Shizuku~~!
Raika: That's one more thing you can do now, Shizuku!
Shizuku: ...!
Shizuku: Yes. It would seem so.
