10552:adv_script_hotaru_nagi_linkstory_1 Hotaru & Nagi 1

(Background change)

[The Garage]

Hotaru: Phew...
Nagi: Good work, Hotaru. That was incredible.
Hotaru: Oh, Nagi-san! I didn't realize you were here.
Nagi: Yeah, I just got here. That song... Your fingers were amazing. Was it classical?
Hotaru: Yes! It's by Liszt. The intricate fingerwork and rhythms make it good practice...
Nagi: Haha. I couldn't make heads or tails of that melody. Did you play it in competitions?
Hotaru: N-No! It really isn't the kind of piece you'd play in a competition!
Hotaru: It's just well-known for being incredibly difficult... I learned it because I wanted to make my mother and my teacher happy.
Nagi: Oh, what was it again? "Angel of the Music World"? Houka told me. You were amazing, right, Hotaru?
Hotaru: Ah... Um...
Nagi: When did you start playing piano?
Hotaru: I don't remember exactly... I think I was about five.
Hotaru: I loved making everyone smile when I played well. I'd play every day, so absorbed that I'd lose track of time.
Nagi: Lose track of time, huh...
Nagi: (I've never experienced anything like that.)
Nagi: (I never have... and I probably never will.)
Nagi: You're amazing, Hotaru. When I was five, I was always just playing with Mahoro.
Hotaru: Oh... You two are childhood friends, right?
Nagi: Yeah. Around the time we started elementary school, Kanata moved here. Then she sort of joined us.
(Background change)
Nagi: Before that, Mahoro was always the wild one. Just because she was a year older, she kept dragging me around.
Nagi: Magical-girl make-believe, playing dolls... I feel like she made me do all sorts of things.
(Background change)
Hotaru: Hehe. It sounds like fun.
Nagi: It wasn't all fun. She made me cry every so often.
Hotaru: Mahoro-san made you cry?
Nagi: Yeah. At Curry Night, for instance... Oh.
Nagi: Curry Night is something Mahoro's family has been doing forever. It's just a get-together where we eat curry.
Hotaru: Hm...? That sounds quite peaceful, at least.
Nagi: It was. Until Mahoro, thinking she was being helpful, started giving me seconds.
Nagi: They just kept coming, one after another... Like some endless noodle challenge. I couldn't possibly eat that much, and I burst into tears.
Hotaru: Ahaha... That does sound like a lot.
Nagi: Seriously. My sister rescued me that time, though...
Hotaru: Oh! You have an older sister, Nagi-san?
Nagi: Oh... Yeah. She's in college now, so I hardly see her anymore.
Hotaru: That's nice. I don't have any siblings or childhood friends, so hearing about it makes me feel warm inside.
Hotaru: That sort of bond sounds so lovely!
Nagi: !
Nagi: Thanks... And sorry. I interrupted your practice.
Hotaru: Not at all! I was just about to take a break.
Nagi: I see...
Nagi: (Lovely, huh...)
Nagi: (For someone who can't even truly face Mahoro... or Sis...)
Nagi: (Do I really deserve to hear her say that?)
