10499:adv_script_uika_sakiko_linkstory_2 Uika & Sakiko 2

(Background change)

[The Way Home]

Uika: Oh... Saki-chan, can we stop by a convenience store?
Uika: Our snack stash is gone. I just remembered.
Sakiko: I do not mind, but... Would tomorrow be all right instead?
Uika: Come on, it can't wait~
Uika: We've both finished work for the day, and now we finally get to relax together. Snacks are absolutely essential!
Sakiko: Hehe. If you put it that way, shall we stop by before we get home?
Uika: Thanks, Saki-chan. Let's get some snacks you like too.
Sakiko: Convenience store snacks I like... I cannot think of any offhand.
Uika: Huh, really?
Sakiko: Yes. I have not had many chances to go to convenience stores... What kinds of snacks do they have?
Uika: All kinds! For example... Oh, wait, I'll pull up some pictures.
Uika: See? These kinds of gummies. Have you seen them at catering before?
Sakiko: Ah, yes. I have seen these gummies advertised on the train.
Uika: There are even sweets you can only get at convenience stores. They release new ones every season...
Uika: For this chain... They have strawberry mochi in spring and pineapple cake in summer!
Sakiko: There are so many...! With this many options, choosing must be quite a task.
Uika: That's the fun part. And then... Oh, these snacks...!
Sakiko: "Kara-Kara Chips..." They appear to be some kind of snack, but is there something special about them?
Uika: They used to be made by a famous brand, but they got discontinued a while ago.
Uika: But it looks like they brought them back under a different name as a store-brand product.
Uika: I thought they were gone, so... I'm kind of happy.
Sakiko: I see. I am glad for you. What do they taste like?
Uika: Let's see... I guess I'd call them kind of addictive. They're crispy and have a little spicy kick.
Sakiko: Spicy? That may be a little...
Uika: It's okay, they're not that spicy. I think you'll get hooked once you try them.
Sakiko: Is that so?
Uika: Since we're going anyway, let's try them.
Sakiko: Yes. Perhaps we could buy some to try.
Sakiko: But we must not buy too much...
Uika: I know, I know.
(Background change)
Uika: Oh, there it is! Let's go, Saki-chan!
(Background change)
Sakiko: My, Uika. You are getting rather excited. Hehe.
