10583:adv_script_raika_yomogi_linkstory_2 Raika & Yomogi 2

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Living Room]

Yomogi: Oh!
Yomogi: Uuugh, I messed up at the same part again...! No matter how many times I try, I just can't get it right...
Raika: Hey, I'm home~! Huh, just you, Yomogi?
Yomogi: Welcome home... Sorry, the only one here to welcome you is a wimpy little nobody like me...
Raika: Ohh, you're extra mopey today. What's wrong?
Yomogi: W-Well...
Raika: Oh? You were playing bass!
Yomogi: Ah, I-I was just finishing up, so I'll put it away right now. I can't let you listen to something so awful...!
Raika: Wait, wait! Let me hear it before you put it away!
Yomogi: No, no, no! I can't let you hear iiit!!
Yomogi: I've never once managed to play it through without making a mistake, and my fingers hurt so much that I'm making even more mistakes...!
Yomogi: I'm a hopeless nobody with weak hands and an even weaker heart... I'll be the band's dead weight before I know it... Uuugh...
Raika: I see. Let me see your fingers.
Yomogi: Eeeek!! You can't just touch me out of nowhere! It's bad for my heart!
Raika: Oh, sorry. Are the pads of your fingers all soft and squishy?
Yomogi: Huh? Oh, yes. That's what hurts...
Raika: I know, it hurts, right~? Mine did too when I first started playing guitar.
Yomogi: You too, Raika-san?
Raika: Yeah, everybody goes through it! Bass strings are thicker, so it's even tougher for you, right?
Raika: When Granny and others taught me bass, the notes would go all bwoing~ if I didn't press the strings down right.
Yomogi: Yes, exactly! Since it hurts, I can't press down properly either... I'm just so...
Raika: That's amazing, Yomogi~! You've been working so hard!
Yomogi: Huh?
Raika: You've only been playing bass for a little while, but you've gotten so good already! I was just thinking how amazing that is~
Raika: That's because you've been working so hard, bit by bit, Yomogi!
Yomogi: Does that mean... I'm playing okay, at least...?
Raika: You are, you are! Your bass has so much soul, Yomogi. It's so cool!
Raika: I love your bass playing, Yomogi!
Yomogi: R-Raika-san...
Raika: So no more moping! Let's keep building up the phrases you can play, one by one!
Yomogi: Yes! I feel like I could even play that part I've messed up a million times now!!
Raika: Ooh! Yomogi's "I can do it" energy is back!
Raika: Yomogi, play the part you were practicing! Nail it!
Yomogi: All right then! Yomogi Yakura, here I gooooo!!
Yomogi: Nngh!!
Yomogi: Oooow, that hurts!!
Raika: Ah, right! You told me it hurt. I'm sorry!
Yomogi: T-The skin peeled off...!! Uuugh, it stings and tingles...!
Raika: This is serious! We have to get you to the hospital!! Yomogi, get on my back. I'll give you a piggyback ride!
Yomogi: The hospital!? For one little patch of skin!?
Raika: We're Family, so I have to protect your precious fingers! Come on, piggyback!
Yomogi: No trip to the hospital and no piggyback ride, pleeease!!
