10493:adv_script_uika_umiri_linkstory_2 Uika & Umiri 2

(Background change)

[Win-Wing-Production - Meeting Room]

Uika: When it has two distinct real roots, find the range of values for the constant m...
Uika: Hmm...??
Umiri: This page has a hint for how to solve it.
Uika: Huh, really?
Umiri: Yes. From there, you use the formula...
Uika: Sorry, Umiri-chan. I keep making you help me...
Umiri: Please feel free to ask. I was the one who invited you to study for the test.
Umiri: And math is one of my stronger subjects.
Uika: Thanks. You're really saving me.
Uika: If I were on my own, I might have panicked.
Umiri: There is no need to rush. It is not as if you are bad at studying, Misumi-san.
Uika: I guess not being able to make it to class much is really catching up with me...
Umiri: Right. When you have work, it must be difficult to make it to class regularly.
Uika: Yeah. Trying to make up for all of that right before tests is hard every time...
Umiri: Fortunately, Taki-san lets me borrow her notes, so I have never had too much trouble.
Uika: Oh, really?
Uika: I do not think I could keep up just by borrowing someone's notes.
Umiri: Taki-san's notes are easy to follow, and for all her grumbling, she still lets me borrow them. It helps.
Uika: Hehe. It must be nice to have a friend like that in your class.
Umiri: You have friends like that too, Misumi-san.
Umiri: I saw your classmates all rushing to offer you their notes.
Uika: Yeah. Everyone is so kind to me, and it really helps.
Uika: But with you and Taki-chan, it feels more relaxed... Like neither of you has to worry about owing the other anything.
Uika: I guess I am a little jealous of that.
Umiri: Neither of us has to worry about owing the other anything...
Umiri: I see. That is one way to look at it. I had never thought of it that way.
Uika: Really? At least, that is how it looks to me.
Umiri: Hmm...
Umiri: Putting the relationship aside, it is only proper to thank her. I think I will get her a gift.
Uika: Huh? That came out of nowhere.
Umiri: Something occurred to me.
Umiri: For now, we should focus on the test... After that, I will think of something.
Uika: Right. Test first!
Umiri: When someone helps you, thanking them is only proper. That way, both sides can stay sincere.
Uika: Hehe. You're right. I should thank everyone properly too.
Uika: I wonder what they would like... Maybe snacks?
Umiri: For Taki-san, what would it be... Almond milk, perhaps.
Uika: She does drink that all the time. But that might be a little too predictable.
Umiri: In that case, what should I...
Umiri: Right... We were supposed to be focusing on the test.
Uika: Ahaha, that's right. Let's do our best on the test.
Umiri: Yes.
