10492:adv_script_uika_umiri_linkstory_1 Uika & Umiri 1

(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Umiri: Where should we start, Misumi-san?
Uika: Let's see... It's been a while since I've been to a mall, so I kind of want to look around a bit.
Umiri: Sounds good. Work wrapped earlier than planned, and we still have time before we need to be at the next location.
Uika: Then why don't we take our time and wander around?
Umiri: Yes. Let's go.

[Luxury Brand Store]

Umiri: Everything on this shelf, please.
Uika: Huh? The whole shelf?!
(Background change)

[High-End Jewelry Store]

Umiri: The new collection as a set, please.
Uika: Oh...
(Background change)

[Popular Lifestyle Goods Store]

Umiri: From here to here, please. And yes, every color variant too.
Uika: Um... Umiri-chan?
Umiri: Yes?
Uika: Don't you think you might be buying a little too much...? I mean, look at all these bags.
Umiri: It has a nice weight to it. It really feels like I bought something.
Umiri: The heavier the bags, the lighter my stress gets. Well, it is also just a reward for myself.
Uika: A reward?
Umiri: For surviving exam period.
Uika: Well, I guess that makes sense.
Umiri: Now that you mention it, you have not bought anything yet, Misumi-san. Was there nothing you wanted?
Uika: Ahaha... I guess I couldn't really find the right moment...
Umiri: The moment you want to buy something is the time to buy it. A big shopping spree can be very refreshing.
Uika: But are you really okay buying that much?
Umiri: Yes. My arms can still carry more.
Uika: That is not what I meant...
Umiri: If you mean money, there is no need to worry about that either. I manage my finances properly.
Uika: You do?
Umiri: I used to have income from support gigs too... But now I am focused solely on Ave Mujica.
Umiri: I set a spending limit, then make full use of it.
Uika: I see...
Uika: (Maybe I do not need to stop her, then. Umiri-chan seems to be enjoying herself.)
Uika: (And... even though I am only watching, I am starting to feel a little refreshed too.)
Umiri: Oh, Misumi-san, look at this. It is a mechanical pencil in Doloris' colors.
Uika: Oh, you're right.
Umiri: Did you not say you wanted a new mechanical pencil?
Uika: I did. The one I have now broke... Wow, this is cute.
Umiri: Misumi-san. When you want to buy something... That is "the time" to buy it.
Uika: R-Right...! You're right.
Uika: I'll go check out, then...!
