10447:adv_script_anotherstory_10447 Potential is Mugendai (Miyako)

And that's something I only learned after I joined MewType.

(Background change)

[Lunch Break]

Arale: So, Yako-sensei, what led you to start drawing the illustrations for "Magilulu"?
Miyako: Huh, you're starting with that question...?
Arale: When it comes to a feature on you, we just have to start there, sensei! As a fan, I wanna cover the origins first, y'know...!
Arale: Ah, but with the recent shift in "Chupasachu," I'm also super tempted to dig deeper into your creative approach...!
Nonoka: Lately, Miyako-chan's skin has been all smooth and glowy!
Yuno: Why do you answer, Miyanaga-san?
Ritsu: ? This was supposed to be interview practice, wasn't it?
Yuno: It's Fuji-san's interview. It's for a web media outlet, right?
Miyako: Yes, they will do an interview with me as a manga artist, but I don't have any experience with interviews.
Arale: That's why we're doing a rehearsal, right?
Nonoka: It's Nono-chan's idea! Some things only make sense once you've tried them~!
Nonoka: So, Miyako-chan! After being born with a "Waah," what did you do next?
Miyako: I don't think they will ask about the moment I was born...
Miyako: No, maybe they will ask...? What kind of questions did they ask you, Minetsuki-san?
Ritsu: Hmm... I don't really remember.
Ritsu: Back then, I just said whatever was prepared for me.
Miyako: I see... Then, what about you, Sengoku-san?
Yuno: Huh...? I don't remember what I said. Lately, I've been declining most of them anyway.
Miyako: No leads, then...
Nonoka: Miyako-chan!
Nonoka: What do you like about MewType?
Miyako: Like I said, this is an interview with me as a manga artist...
Nonoka: No, no! It's time for the Nono-chan interview.
Nonoka: Tell me an unforgettable moment from when MewType got together!
Miyako: Huh...
Nonoka: And what changed after you became "MewType"?
Miyako: What changed...
Nonoka: Do you think the anpan you eat with MewType is more delicious?
Arale: Nono-chan-san, that's more like an otaku's duty, so it's not a favorite food...!
Yuno: Is this actually helping as practice?
Arale: I guess we're not really the right people to practice a Yako-sensei feature interview, are we...
Miyako: Actually, there are things that have changed since I met MewType.
Everyone: !
Miyako: When we wrote a song together at the beach.
Miyako: Music just came to life naturally from a casual conversation.
Miyako: I put my sound on someone else's idea, and that sound sparked even more ideas...
Miyako: That was the first time I'd ever experienced creating something together with someone else.
Yuno: ...
Miyako: Until then, I'd always thought I had to create something perfect from the very start.
Miyako: But now I know that even if it's rough and unfinished, if we share and create it together, it'll still take shape.
Miyako: And that's something I only learned after I joined MewType.
Miyako: It was like the moment I understood, once I created something with someone else...
Arale & Nonoka: ...
Miyako: Oh... This is for the interview...
Arale: Even if this is just practice! I'm really glad I got to hear your thoughts like this, Miyako-san!
Miyako: Is that so...?
Ritsu: Yes. Back then, I never imagined you'd say something like that, Miyako-san.
Nonoka: With Miyako-chan's warm feelings, Nono-chan's heart gets all warm too~~!
Yuno: Why don't you talk about that in the actual interview too?
Miyako: Well, but...
Arale: You should definitely do that!! As a fan, getting to know your creative values is the best!
Nonoka: If Miyako-chan talks about MewType, I'll buy tons of copies of the magazine and hand them out to everyone~!
Yuno: Wait, is this for a print magazine interview again?
Ritsu: I think they said it was a web media outlet.
Nonoka: Then I'll share the link everywhere!
Arale: I'll spread it everywhere too!
Miyako: I see...
Miyako: That's it.
(Background change)

[On the Day of the Interview]

Interviewer: Thank you for taking the time out of your busy schedule.
Interviewer: Then, sensei, once again, nice to meet you.
Miyako: Yes. Nice to meet you too.
