10107:adv_script_yumemita_003_exstory_1_02 Blue and Green

Picniiiiiic~!

(Background change)

[Aquarium]

Arale: Amaaaaaazing!!
Arale: Tuna! Tuna as far as the eye can see!
Miyako: It is beautiful, but... why an aquarium?
Ritsu: Please turn to page 26 of "Akihabara Live Afterparty Rest-and-Recovery Field Trip: Reducing Physical and Mental Strain and Improving Work Efficiency." First, to define relaxation...
Yuno: Sorry. Short version.
Ritsu: The short version...
Ritsu: Aquariums are predominantly blue.
Nonoka: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Ritsu: Blue has a visually calming effect. More importantly, tuna hold a special place in our hearts. They brought us back together with Yuno-san when she went missing.
Ritsu: That is why I determined that this tank would be the most appropriate stop for today's afterparty.
Nonoka: That makes perfect sense~!
Arale: Ricchan, you're so cool~
Nonoka: Hey, that one looks just like Guro-chan!
Arale: Wait, which one?!
Yuno: Went missing...
Miyako: Well, sometimes you just need to go wild on your alt account.
Yuno: You saw that...?
Miyako: Only after the fact, but yes.
Yuno: Ngh...
Arale: Yuno-san-chan! Which one's your favorite?
Yuno: I don't really have one... It's not like I absolutely love this tank or anything.
Arale: You don't?
Yuno: Well... I mean, I do like it. Yeah. It's just... calming.
Yuno: Light spills into the dimness, and everything's quiet... but the tuna just keep swimming.
Yuno: Something about that calms me down.
Arale: Huh...
Yuno: What's with that reaction...?
Ritsu: They remind me of you and Miyako-san.
Yuno: What?
Ritsu: The tuna.
Miyako: Excuse me?
Nonoka: You mean they're cute, just like tuna, right?
Ritsu: That is part of it, but also because they never stop swimming.
Arale: Oh, I totally see that! You two are always working!
Ritsu: Exactly. And tuna can be prepared in all sorts of ways.
Ritsu: Tuna are delicious no matter how they're prepared, just as you two can compose, draw manga, and perform with equal skill.
Arale: Whoa, you're right!
Yuno: I'm not buying it.
Arale: <size=175%>Whaaat?!
Ritsu: Is that so? Then let me test it from another angle...
Yuno: Nope. Don't bother.
Miyako: It's not exactly a flattering resemblance, either.
Nonoka: But tuna are so cute~!
Staff: Attention, everyone near the tuna tank. Please move one step closer. Our tuna tank talk will now begin.
Staff: Fish that are constantly on the move, like tuna, are known as migratory fish.
Staff: They can only take in oxygen while they swim. That is why they never stop moving, even when they're asleep...
(Background change)
Nonoka: Beep-beep-beep-beeeeep~!
Arale: Picniiiiiic~!
Ritsu: First, let's spread the picnic mat out here. Nonoka-san?
Nonoka: On it~!
Arale: So cute! It's all colorful and sparkly!
Nonoka: Hehe~ Come in, come in! Make yourselves at home~!
Yuno: What is this, your house...?
Yuno: Ugh, the ground's kind of lumpy.
Miyako: Come to think of it, field trips used to feel like this...
Nonoka: I haven't done this in ages! This is so much fun!
Arale: And, and it feels totally different from when we came at night!
Ritsu: The air somehow smells greener in the daytime.
Yuno: Smells greener...?
Yuno: *Inhale*... *Exhale*...
Ritsu: How is it?
Yuno: Hmm...
Nonoka: <size=175%>Tadaaaaa~!
Yuno: Whoa! What was that for?
Nonoka: Behold... Basket, open!
Arale: S-s-s-so cuuuute!! Are those sandwiches? The wrappers are all sparkly! And there are so many ribbons!
Yuno: You really went all out...
Miyako: How many hours did this take you...?!
Nonoka: I was having too much fun to keep track! Look, look! The yellow one's the Arale-chan Special~!
Nonoka: The one with the red ribbon is the Yuno-chan Special, and these are Miyako-chan's and Ricchan's~
Yuno: Wait... Something I've never seen in a sandwich is peeking out of the filling.
Ritsu: Is that... chikuwa?
Nonoka: Ding-ding♪
Arale: Why chikuwa?
Nonoka: Because it's round and cute!
Miyako: I suppose the slices are round...
Yuno: It was looking so promising...
Arale: I-I brought lunch too! I wasn't sure what to bring, so I went with rice balls!
Yuno: Oh, a classic.
Arale: And, and there's moooore... A Magilulu Collab Bubble Set~!
Arale: I bought it a while ago, but I never had anyone to play with... so I thought, "Today's the day!"
Arale: Was it a little too childish after all...?
Miyako: Arale-san...
Arale: Miyako-san! Is that...?!
Arale: Magilulu Collab Bubble Sets!!
Arale: I knew you'd get it! If not today, then when?!
Miyako: Yes. It seemed like the optimal choice.
Yuno: That's enough to keep you blowing bubbles for a lifetime...
Nonoka: What did you bring, Yuno-chan~?
Yuno: Mine's this. White Chocole.
Arale: That's the drink you always have, Yuno-san-chan!
Miyako: It's pretty good, actually.
Arale: What about you, Ricchan?
Ritsu: I brought tonkatsu.
Miyako: Tonkatsu...
Yuno: Well, that's normal enough... I think?
Ritsu: And chicken steak.
Arale: What's in this container?
Ritsu: Ginger-simmered bonito. And then...
Miyako: How much food did you bring?
Ritsu: This one's broccoli, and the big container has brown rice balls.
Arale: D-don't tell me this is...!
Nonoka: The Fatigue-Fighting All-Stars~!
Ritsu: And finally: bananas, lemons, and honey-daikon syrup. That's everything.
Yuno: Finally.
Ritsu: Now that everyone's lunch is out, let's eat.
Arale: Okay!
(Background change)
Everyone: Let's eat~!
