10495:adv_script_uika_nyamu_linkstory_1 Uika & Nyamu 1

(Background change)

[Ikebukuro Streets]

Nyamu: Uiko~!
Uika: What is it, Nyamu-chan?
Nyamu: So, how's living with Sakiko going? You two doing okay?
Uika: Huh?
Nyamu: Living. Together.
Uika: Huh? Did I ever tell you about that?
Nyamu: I mean, it's obvious if you listen to you two. You're always talking about stuff like, "What should we do for dinner~?"
Uika: Oh! Do you think the staff might have noticed too?
Uika: I thought we only talked about that kind of thing when it was just us members.
Nyamu: Oh, you're probably fine there. I can tell you're both careful about it.
Uika: I see. We are trying to be careful, but I'll make sure we're even more careful.
Nyamu: Yeah. Wait, no, that's not what I mean.
Uika: Huh? Then what do you mean?
Nyamu: I mean, how's it actually going? Are you two doing okay living together?
Uika: Let's see... I feel like we're doing pretty well.
Uika: I'm used to living on my own, and Saki-chan is used to handling chores too.
Nyamu: Huh. I see.
Uika: Oh, but it's not like everything goes perfectly, okay?
Uika: There are plenty of little things to figure out, like who's on dinner duty or which fabric softener to use.
Uika: But whenever even the smallest issue comes up, we talk it through properly and decide together.
Nyamu: Huh...
Uika: I like getting to share different parts of our lives like that, and learning new things about each other.
Uika: Saki-chan is really considerate, but I don't want to just keep relying on her.
(Background change)
Uika: I think living together means you build something together over time.
Nyamu: I see...
Uika: Oh, sorry! I ended up talking all by myself there...
Nyamu: Well, anyway, I get it. Things are going well.
Uika: Yeah. I really like the life we have right now.
Uika: Huh?  Wait, what made you ask about that all of a sudden?
Nyamu: Well, it's not like I had any big reason or anything... You're kind of the type to keep things to yourself, right, Uiko?
Uika: Ahaha... I guess I am.
Nyamu: And Sakiko seems pretty strict about the little things, you know? I thought maybe she was nitpicking you over every tiny detail~
Uika: That's not true. Saki-chan is kind.
Nyamu: I got that loud and clear after hearing you go on about her just now... Anyway. I was just the tiniest bit worried, that's all.
Uika: Nyamu-chan...
Uika: Thank you.
Nyamu: It's no big deal.
Nyamu: Oh, I don't mind listening to you vent once in a while. My consultation fee's pretty steep, though~♪
Uika: Okay. I'll take you up on that next time I need to vent. Hehe.
