10601:adv_script_yomogi_chieri_linkstory_2 Yomogi & Chieri 2

(Background change)

[One Day Off]

Yomogi: Fwaaaah... Huh? It's already evening...
Yomogi: A day spent ping-ponging between "Onishigu" and social media... Guhuhuhu...!
Chieri: Yomogi!! What are you doing?!
Yomogi: Eeeeeek!!
Yomogi: Ch-Cherie-san...! You yelled so suddenly, you made me yell too...!
Chieri: Of course I yelled. Yomogi, you haven't moved an inch from there all day!
Yomogi: I-I did move, technically... I got up for meals, at least...
Chieri: Chieri left for work just before noon. You were lying there in that exact same position then, Yomogi.
Chieri: As the union leader, Chieri can't just overlook a subordinate lazing around like this!
Yomogi: B-But! Today's a day off, and a day off is supposed to be a "day to rest"...
Chieri: Day off, day off... Yomogi, every day is practically a day off for you!
Yomogi: Oof...!! I'm sorry for always demanding rest when I'm too weak to even fulfill my duties as a student...!
Chieri: *Sigh*... What a hopeless subordinate.
Chieri: Yomogi. We're going out together!
Yomogi: N-Now...!? But it'll be dark soon...!
Chieri: But the day isn't over yet!
Chieri: We'll turn this lazy day of yours around, starting now, Yomogi. We're heading into town to tell everyone how amazing the Chieri Union is!
Chieri: As the Chieri Union's first-ever subordinate, it's your duty, Yomogi!
Yomogi: Huh...?
Yomogi: Whaaaat!? I'm the first subordinate!? Since when!?
Chieri: The day Chieri came to P-Stay. Don't you remember?
Yomogi: I-I could never forget! You were talking about a union and subordinates the first time we met...!
Chieri: That's right... That was the day the Chieri Union began. Chieri held her very first subordinate induction ceremony right at the front door.
(Background change)
Chieri: Raika kept going on with that whole "We're family, so~" thing... But you were different, weren't you, Yomogi?
Yomogi: Huh...?
Chieri: You were so overwhelmed by Chieri's incredible aura that you couldn't even speak! You were trembling with emotion!!
Yomogi: ...!!
(Background change)
Chieri: That was when Chieri made up her mind. Chieri needed to take proper care of her very first subordinate.
Chieri: Aren't you happy? Your union leader is doing all this for you! You're moved too, aren't you?!
Yomogi: Nngh... I can't tell her...
Yomogi: (I can't tell her I was so terrified my heart was about to burst when we first met that my mind went completely blank...!)
Chieri: Are you speechless again? You really do get moved so easily, Yomogi!
Chieri: If Chieri's words moved you that much, let's head outside just like this! We'll go spread the word about how great Chieri is!
Yomogi: W-Wait, please! I can't keep up with Cherie-san's positive spin~!
Chieri: It's all right. I brought the oxygen spray. This is for you, Yomogi, so we're keeping it to a walk around the neighborhood today!
Yomogi: Oof... That smile is blinding...!
Yomogi: (It's hopeless... I'm such a feeble little nobody. I can't compete with her... It's been this way ever since we first met...!)
Chieri: Come on, Yomogi! Keep dawdling, and Chieri will drag you there!
Yomogi: P-Please, at least let me get changed firstttt!!
