10602:adv_script_yomogi_chieri_linkstory_3 Yomogi & Chieri 3

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Living Room]

Chieri: Mmm...
Chieri: Mmmmmm...
Yomogi: Phew... That was a nice bath~!
Chieri: That took forever!!!
Yomogi: Eeeeeek!! Sorry, sorry! But what did I do~!?
Chieri: The bath! The bath!! How many hours were you planning on staying in there?!
Yomogi: Huh!? I-I thought I took about as long as I always do...!
Chieri: Chieri got home from work at nine o'clock. And what time is it now?
Yomogi: A little after t-ten...
Chieri: Exactly! How does anyone take a whole hour in the bath?!
Yomogi: Don't get mad at meee! I just got all nice and relaxed...!
Chieri: Well... that's true, but...
Chieri: But Chieri's been waiting this whole time! At least tell Chieri why!
Yomogi: I-I just... like taking my time in the bath...
Yomogi: And I like taking my time with videos and scrolling through social media too...
Chieri: You bring your phone into the bath...!? It's going to get ruined!
Yomogi: I-I put it in a waterproof pouch...
Chieri: You go that far just to use your phone in the bath...!?
Chieri: Honestly... Why do you have to do this on the one day Chieri comes home tired from work?
Yomogi: I... I always take my bath at this time...! Ever since I moved into the dorm...!
Chieri: What?
Yomogi: You used to take your bath earlier when you were working at "Nest," Cherie-san, so you just never noticed...
Yomogi: Getting mad at me about it now is kind of unfair... I mean...!
Chieri: C-Chieri worked hard today too. Sometimes Chieri wants to get in the bath early, okay?!
Yomogi: You never told me what your work shifts were, Cherie-san...!
Yomogi: Even if you expect me to read your mind, my wimpy little brain can't do thattt~!
Chieri: Wha...!
Chieri: Chieri thought it was only natural for a subordinate to know everything about Chieri...!
Yomogi: Perfectly syncing my routine to Cherie-san's is way too hard~!
Chieri: Chieri could say the same thing! Why should Chieri have to work around Yomogi's schedule?!
Yomogi: Ugh, I can't even take a bath whenever I want...!
Chieri: Chieri wants to take a bath whenever Chieri wants to!
Chieri & Yomogi: Mmm...! Uuugh...!
Chieri: This calls for an emergency meeting of the Chieri Union!
Chieri: Everyday problems are what meetings are for! As expected of the union leader, Chieri's mind is razor-sharp!
Yomogi: That's not fairrr! It's not like anyone's going to take my side...!
Chieri: Don't worry! Chieri will take the subordinates' opinions and pull together something amazing!
Yomogi: That just means Cherie-san gets the final say, doesn't it!?
Chieri: Raikaaa! Miku and Shizuku too! Chieri Union, emergency meeting in the living room!
Yomogi: P-Please hear me out toooo!
