10606:adv_script_chieri_shizuku_linkstory_1 Chieri & Shizuku 1

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Living Room]

Shizuku: (Hm... This book is quite interesting. But it is about time for a break.)
Shizuku: Oh, the glass...
Shizuku: What should I do in a situation like this...? What did Nanny always do?
Chieri: Honestly~ Shizuku! What are you spacing out for?!
Chieri: First, stand the glass back up! Then get something to wipe it up with!
Shizuku: Something to wipe it up with...?
Chieri: Chieri brought a dishcloth!
Shizuku: Ah. This can wipe the floor, the table, and my clothes.
Chieri: You cannot use the same cloth for the floor and your clothes! Honestly, you are such a helpless subordinate.
Chieri: Just for today, Chieri will do it for you~ Watch carefully, learn, and admire Chieri!
Shizuku: Understood. Thank you, Cherie.
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

Shizuku: I was taught to throw used tissues in the bin. But...
Shizuku: The bin is full. What should I do when there is no more room to throw things away...?
Chieri: Shizuku! You seem to be in trouble again!
Shizuku: Cherie, where did you come from?
Chieri: Heheh. Chieri knows. Right now, you are wondering where to put that trash, aren't you?
Shizuku: An excellent deduction. What should I do if the bin cannot be used?
Chieri: If you do not know, Chieri shall teach you! The answer is: replace the bag!
Shizuku: I see...
Chieri: When it is full, take out the bag and put in a new one. Then you can throw things away again!
Chieri: Now, Chieri will show you where we keep the trash bags and how to change one. Well? Do you feel like admiring Chieri now? Now you want to look up to Chieri, your number one, don't you!
Shizuku: Yes. Cherie really does know everything.
(Background change)

[The Day After That]

Shizuku: (All right, that is all of today's homework. Now I will sort the worksheets according to my timetable...)
Shizuku: Ah!
Shizuku: That hurts. I got a paper cut.
Chieri: Shizuku! You are in trouble again—
Chieri: Wha...?! Your finger is bleeding! Why aren't you making more of a fuss about it!?
Shizuku: I had just said that it hurt.
Chieri: Honestly! You are such a high-maintenance subordinate, Shizuku!
Chieri: Now listen. Bandages are in the first-aid kit! The kit is in this cabinet!
Shizuku: Understood. I will remember that.
Chieri: Next, how to use a bandage. Peel this off, place the gauze pad over the cut...
Chieri: Like this! Heheh! You wanna thank Chieri for putting it on so nicely, don't you?
Shizuku: Yes, thank you.
Shizuku: Cherie is amazing. I did not know the union leader was this capable.
Chieri: See, see? A leader must always be ready to look after her subordinates!
Chieri: Whenever you are in trouble, you can always rely on Chieri, you knooow!
Shizuku: Cherie is amazing...
Shizuku: It is remarkable that you appear from anywhere at the exact moment I need help. You truly are amazing.
