10607:adv_script_chieri_shizuku_linkstory_2 Chieri & Shizuku 2

(Background change)

[Shopping Street]

Chieri: Shizuku. Are you ready?
Shizuku: Yes.
Chieri: Then... Ahem.
Chieri: A special "Neighborhood Network" lesson, brought to you by Chieri Umezato, leader of the Chieri Union!
Chieri: Now, applause!
Shizuku: ...
Chieri: Heheh. All right, then. Chieri will teach you everything perfectly!
Chieri: The "Neighborhood Network" is, quite simply, give and take!
Chieri: By giving, Chieri and Shizuku get to take home a side dish for dinner!
Shizuku: I see. And what exactly are we giving?
Chieri: You will learn by watching Chieri in action!
Shopping Street Lady: Oh, Cherie-chan! And Shizuku-chan too. You are both so bright and cute today!
Chieri: Auntie! It is Chieri, not Cherie!
Shizuku: Good day.
Shopping Street Lady: Hehe. What a lovely greeting~ No one else in this shopping street says it quite like you, Shizuku-chan.
Shizuku: Is that so?
Chieri: Hm? That big trash bag... Chieri knows what that means. Auntie, you are cleaning the shopping street, aren't you?!
Shopping Street Lady: That is right~ My friend who was on cleaning duty hurt her knee, so I am on my own today.
Chieri: Heheh. Then it is a good thing you ran into Chieri!
Chieri: Chieri and her subordinate Shizuku will have this shopping street sparkling clean!
Shizuku: Oh...
Shopping Street Lady: Oh, would you? That would be such a help~!
Chieri: The brooms are where they always are! Shizuku, let us go!
Shizuku: All right.
Shopping Street Lady: You two really saved me today. Thank you~
Shopping Street Lady: Hehe! You make a pretty good team! Cherie, I am glad you have made such a lovely friend.
Chieri: Shizuku is a subordinate Chieri personally approved! The Chieri Union is only going to get bigger!
Shopping Street Lady: I see, I see~ Here, then. A little something to thank you for your hard work.
Shizuku: Is this simmered hijiki seaweed?
Shopping Street Lady: That is right. Eat something nutritious and keep having fun! See you later.
Shizuku: Thank you, Auntie.
Chieri: Our first Neighborhood Network mission is complete! You did well!
Shizuku: Yes...
Shizuku: Cherie is amazing. You immediately realized that Auntie needed help.
Chieri: Heheh. This is only natural.
Chieri: That is what give and take is all about. That is why Chieri and Shizuku get a share of the food in return!
Chieri: Well? Do you feel like admiring Chieri now?
Shizuku: Hm. I wonder if I can become someone who notices when others need help, like how Cherie does.
Chieri: You had better! You are Chieri's subordinate, after all!
Chieri: Now, let us keep this up! Today, Shizuku and Chieri will get showered with neighborhood treats!
Shizuku: All right.
