10608:adv_script_chieri_shizuku_linkstory_3 Chieri & Shizuku 3

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Living Room]

Shizuku: ...
Chieri: It is rare to see you watching TV, Shizuku. What are you watching?
Shizuku: It appears to be a quiz show. It just happened to be on.
Shizuku: The contestants sometimes come up with answers that defy imagination. It is very interesting.
Chieri: Ah, that is the fun of this show. Well, Chieri will get every question right, of course!
Quiz Show MC: "Question! Which planet can, at times, come closest to Earth?"
Chieri: A planet...? That is a kind of star, right? Then this is easy!
Chieri: The answer is a shooting star!! It's so close, you can even see it moving!
Shizuku: ? No, it should be Venus. Some say Mercury.
Chieri: Venus...? Chieri votes no!
Chieri: You still have a lot to learn, Shizuku! As a subordinate of the Chieri Union, you need to study harder—
Quiz Show MC: "The correct answer is... Venus!"
Quiz Show MC: "Wait, a shooting star?! That is certainly an unusual answer!"
Chieri: Wha...!?
Shizuku: Then you got it right too, Cherie, did you not? You came up with an answer beyond imagining.
Chieri: That is not what I was aiming for! Chieri wants a nice, clean, textbook answer!
Chieri: Next question, next! Chieri refuses to lose to Shizuku!
Quiz Show MC: "Question! What is the approximate temperature of the Sun's surface? All right, please show me your answer!"
Chieri: The Sun must be sooo hot...! One thousand degrees Celsius!
Shizuku: It should be about 6,000 degrees Celsius.
Chieri: Hmph... Then Chieri's answer is one hundred million degrees! Chieri will not lose to Shizuku!
Shizuku: So that is what we are competing over?
Chieri: The union leader has to be bigger and stand out more than her subordinates!
Chieri: Now then, what is the correct answer!?
Quiz Show MC: "The correct answer is... about 6,000 degrees Celsius!"
Quiz Show MC: "Wait, one hundred million degrees?! Ahaha! Just because it is hotter does not make it right!"
Chieri: Wha...!?
Shizuku: Amazing... Cherie got it right again.
Chieri: I am not happy at all!! Chieri is supposed to be more amazing than that!
Shizuku: Cherie, the next question is coming.
Chieri: Grr... Chieri will not let Shizuku have all the glory. Next time...!
Quiz Show MC: "Well, that is all for this week! See you next week!"
Chieri: No... Chieri got every question wrong...! And Shizuku got every one right...!
Shizuku: Cherie is more amazing. You came up with answers I could never have imagined, every time.
Chieri: That is why Chieri is not happy!
Chieri: Then it is settled... Chieri is getting a rematch next week! Next time, Chieri will definitely beat Shizuku!
Shizuku: This program airs again?
Chieri: That is how TV programs usually work! I cannot believe Chieri lost to a subordinate who did not even know that...!
Chieri: Same time, same place in the living room next week! Understood!?
Shizuku: All right. I am looking forward to it.
