10505:adv_script_mutsumi_nyamu_linkstory_2 Mutsumi & Nyamu 2

(Background change)

[Photography Studio]

Nyamu: Good morning~♪
Nyamu: I'm Nyamu Yūtenji from Win-Wing-Production. Thank you for your time today!
Mutsumi: Good morning.
Director: Ah, Mutsumi-chan! I was waiting for you~!
Cameraman: Hello, Mutsumi-chan. I'm so happy to be working with you again.
Makeup Artist: I'm gonna bring out Wakaba-san's charm to the fullest today, too!
Mutsumi: Thank you for your time.
Nyamu: Ahaha...
Nyamu: (Yeah yeah, right, I knew it'd end up like this~ Everyone only ever pays attention to Muuko, don't they~)
Nyamu: (Being a side role in a short drama starring Muuko is clearly just a package deal.)
Nyamu: (It's only natural that they don't even look at me.)
Nyamu: (No! Feeling down is no good! I'll just do what I can on this set and leave my mark!)
Director: Ah, umm... Yūtenji-san? I'm counting on you too.
Nyamu: Yeah~ Thank you for having me~!
Director: You're with Mutsumi-chan in the same agency and band, right? Having to stay by her side all the time must be tough.
Cameraman: Yeah, it's like you end up playing second fiddle. I mean, Mutsumi-chan's a genius, isn't she?
Nyamu: Ah... Ahaha, yeah.
Mutsumi: ...
Nyamu: So today, I came here to borrow some of that genius actress' power! I'll do my best to learn as much as I can!
Nyamu: And I absolutely love Mutsumi-chan's acting!!
Director: Ahaha, nice! You need that kind of guts.
Cameraman: Please keep that energy for the actual performance.
Nyamu: Yeah, I'll do my best~♪
Nyamu: *Sigh*...
Mutsumi: Nyamu.
Nyamu: What...?
Mutsumi: Is it true?
Nyamu: You mean... The "absolutely love" part?
Mutsumi: Yes.
Nyamu: *Sigh*...
Nyamu: Look, I'll use anything I've got to get a chance. That's why I can throw out as many flatteries, pleasantries, and lies as I need to.
Mutsumi: ...
Nyamu: I'll be watching your acting from the front row.
Nyamu: And today, I'm definitely leaving my mark on this set!
Mutsumi: Yes. Please look forward to it.
Makeup Artist: Wakaba-san! Could you come here for a moment?
Mutsumi: Yes.
Nyamu: ...
Nyamu: She's really not endearing.
