10518:adv_script_nyamu_sakiko_linkstory_3 Nyamu & Sakiko 3

(Background change)

[Inside the Taxi]

Nyamu: Phew~ It's over...
Sakiko: That posture is rather unladylike. Please sit deeper in your seat and close your legs.
Nyamu: Oh, relax. The rehearsal ran long because someone here was so picky about the staging.
Sakiko: It was necessary. Besides, we still have some fine details to adjust.
Nyamu: Huh? We have to do more?
Sakiko: Yes, I've booked time from tomorrow morning. That said, it'll just be me overseeing the final details.
Nyamu: *Sigh*... So you're gonna keep working. And you've been going nonstop since this morning.
Nyamu: Aren't you starving and gonna collapse right now?
Sakiko: Oh dear, are you worried about me?
Nyamu: Well, yeah~ It'd be a problem if you collapsed, right~?
Nyamu: (I'm getting hungry too... I should eat something when I get home. What do I have in the fridge? Eggs, and...)
Nyamu: (Ugh, I'm too tired to remember. And I can't be bothered to cook...)
Nyamu: (I guess I'll just get delivery today.)
Nyamu: (What did I order last time...? Oh right, the rice noodles. That was really good~ But I'm not in the mood for that now, so maybe something else... Huh?)
Nyamu: Salad-Stuffed Chikuwa Tempura
Sakiko: !?
Nyamu: Yes, I'm definitely getting this! And then~
Sakiko: Salad-Stuffed... What's that?
Nyamu: Ah.
Sakiko: It sounded like food.
Nyamu: Ah...
Nyamu: Yeah, from my hometown. Look, it looks like this.
Sakiko: So it's tempura... made of chikuwa. It looks like something is stuffed inside.
Nyamu: Potato salad. When you have leftovers, this is how you jazz it up.
Nyamu: I’ve never seen it around here at all, so I was just surprised to find it on delivery.
Sakiko: I see... You seemed very excited, did you eat it often?
Nyamu: Well, yeah...
Sakiko: Did you make it by yourself?
Nyamu: No, frying things is such a hassle, you know?
Nyamu: Wait, why are you so curious, Sakiko? You're suddenly asking so many questions.
Sakiko: No, it's just that you don't usually talk about your hometown.
Nyamu: Oh, I see. But everyone has that, right? The taste of home.
Nyamu: Sakiko, you also... Oh wait, I guess for you, it's more like the taste of chefs?
Sakiko: I guess so...
Nyamu: So, there's nothing that feels nostalgic for you. Sorry, my bad.
Sakiko: Don't worry about it. Besides...
Sakiko: To long for something from home... That's just not something that would happen to me.
Sakiko: Once a bird has left the nest, it will never return to it.
Nyamu: I see...
Sakiko: Still, delivery is rather expensive, isn't it? If you use it too often, won't your food costs add up?
Sakiko: If it's tempura, you can actually make it at home if you know the techniques. For example...
Nyamu: Oh, come on. I do cook, you know, it's just today~
Nyamu: But... you actually do take care of yourself. I thought you just relied on Uiko for everything.
Sakiko: Despite how I may appear, I do have a fair bit of knowledge about daily living.
Nyamu: Haha, what the heck? You're hilarious.
Nyamu: Well then, maybe I'll ask you to cook for me when I'm desperate~
Sakiko: Sure. If the chance comes, I'll be happy to cook for you.
