10599:adv_script_miku_shizuku_linkstory_3 Miku & Shizuku 3

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Miku's Room]

Miku: Hm...? I think I got this wrong last time too...
Miku: Shizuku, you can come in.
Shizuku: Miku, you are amazing. How did you know it was me?
Miku: Because you are the only one in this house who knocks properly and waits for an answer, Shizuku.
Shizuku: That is true...
Miku: Also, how long are you going to stand in the corridor? Come in already.
Shizuku: Excuse me.
Miku: You don't have to... It's not like you're walking into the teachers' lounge.
Shizuku: Hm? That is how I enter anyone's room at home.
Miku: I see...
Miku: Um, you came to see me about something, right? Is something wrong?
Shizuku: There was something I wanted to ask you, Miku. I am sorry to keep troubling you with such small questions, but... This.
Miku: Whoa! What happened to these clothes? They're covered in mud...!
Shizuku: What am I supposed to do with dirty laundry?
Miku: Oh, wait, how did they get like this?
Shizuku: The strong wind had blown them all over the yard. I have not collected everything yet.
Miku: Oh no, I didn't notice at all... We need to bring them in right away.
Miku: Shizuku, let's run to the yard!
Shizuku: Got it.
(Background change)
Miku: Phew... Is that all of them?
Shizuku: What do we do after we bring them in?
Miku: We start over. We need to wash all of it again and hang it up indoors.
Shizuku: Did I do something terribly wrong...?
Miku: No, the wind is to blame. Well... I am too, for forgetting to check the forecast.
Miku: Ugh... I messed up...
Shizuku: ...
Shizuku: Miku, do you make mistakes in "everyday life" too?
Miku: What? Of course I do.
Miku: Sometimes I forget I just bought eggs and buy more. Or I wash new clothes and the colors run.
Shizuku: That is surprising... I thought you knew everything about "everyday life," Miku.
Shizuku: No matter what I asked, you always had exactly the right answer. I had never seen you make a mistake.
Miku: I made lots of mistakes and learned one thing at a time.
Miku: Even when you have learned something, you can still mess up, like today... Ah... I have to run another load of laundry.
Shizuku: We have to start all over...
Miku: It cannot be helped. That is just part of "everyday life," I guess.
Shizuku: I see... So making mistakes is simply part of "everyday life."
Miku: Exactly. Come on, let's take everything we brought in to the laundry room.
Shizuku: All right.
