10598:adv_script_miku_shizuku_linkstory_2 Miku & Shizuku 2

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Kitchen]

Shizuku: There's half the milk left... And the eggs...
Miku: I'm home... Wait, what are you doing!?
Shizuku: I'm checking what we have in the refrigerator.
Miku: Checking it...!? Sorry, I need to close it for now!
Miku: Ugh... The air around here is cold too... Shizuku, how long has the refrigerator been open?
Shizuku: It has been about ten minutes...
Miku: Ten minutes...?!
Shizuku: Is that a problem?
Miku: That is... You know, you can't leave the refrigerator open. The food inside can spoil.
Miku: And when the air inside gets warm, it takes power to cool it down again.
Miku: So close it right after you open it, okay? Please remember that from now on.
Shizuku: Understood. Sorry to have caused you trouble.
Miku: No, it's fine. But what were you "checking" for?
Shizuku: I was looking for things that might be running low.
Shizuku: You always know when we're running low on something around the house, Miku. I heard that shows "how well you look after the home."
Shizuku: So I thought that if I "looked after" things properly too, I could contribute to the family.
Miku: Well, that is true...
Miku: You do not have to go out of your way. Everyone has things they are good at and things they are not.
Shizuku: But at this rate, I will only keep relying on everyone.
Shizuku: There is so much I do not know. I want to learn so I can do those things myself.
Shizuku: I want to share "everyday life" with everyone.
Miku: Oh...
(Background change)
Shizuku: If you use it, it decreases. If it decreases, it runs out. So you restock it before that.
Shizuku: Life is about repeating that cycle... And everyone is doing that... It's amazing...!
(Background change)
Miku: So that is what you meant...
Miku: Shizuku, I am sorry. I should have asked why before I jumped in to correct you.
Shizuku: Hm? You do not need to apologize, Miku. It helps me when someone corrects my mistakes.
Miku: I suppose...
Miku: (What would have been the right thing to say?)
Miku: (If I were in Shizuku's shoes... If I were a child just beginning to learn housework...)
Miku: Then... how about this? Let your first goal be noticing just one thing that is running low.
Shizuku: Just one is enough?
Miku: Yeah. Even I would find it hard to notice everything at once.
Miku: For example, when you pour yourself a glass of milk, tell someone if you notice that there is not much left.
Miku: Then you will have noticed something was running low all by yourself, Shizuku.
Shizuku: I see. Noticing when something is running low is the first step to living with everyone.
Shizuku: Thank you, Miku. I have learned something new again.
Miku: No... I learned something too. We will take it one step at a time, together.
Shizuku: Yes.
