10597:adv_script_miku_shizuku_linkstory_1 Miku & Shizuku 1

(Background change)

[Practice Studio]

Miku: Maybe this part should be simpler... No, but...
Shizuku: Miku, are you not taking a break?
Miku: Hm? Oh, do not worry about me. You can take your break outside with Raika and the others.
Shizuku: But you have been studying the score with a troubled look on your face. You have looked that way throughout practice.
Shizuku: If something is bothering you, I would like you to tell me. I was taught to make sure I understand the composer's instructions.
Miku: No, there is nothing I need to say about your playing, Shizuku.
Miku: It is just... the arrangement still feels one step short. Something is not clicking.
Shizuku: Is that so?
Miku: Yeah. There are quite a few places where the parts are not landing the way I intended.
Miku: Those three monsters play everything completely differently every time, so no matter how much I adjust it, it still does not feel right...
Miku: Does it not bother you, Shizuku?
Shizuku: No...
Miku: I see... Then maybe I am overthinking it.
Shizuku: No... I do not think I had been paying attention to it.
Shizuku: I have always focused on properly playing the part and score I was given.
Shizuku: I have never really thought of it any other way.
Miku: But you can play that well. Do you not ever feel that something is lacking, or that something feels off?
Shizuku: I am still learning about band music, so I do not know. Classical music usually has a correct answer, so I do not feel that kind of dissonance.
Shizuku: There are details open to interpretation, but in principle, what is written in the score is the correct answer.
Miku: I see... If those three monsters had that mindset, maybe this would all be a little easier.
Miku: When I was composing alone, I never had to think about this. Finding the right answer is harder than I thought.
Shizuku: ...
Miku: Shizuku?
Shizuku: There are things you do not know either, Miku.
Miku: Huh? Of course there are. This is the first band I have ever been in.
Miku: It is also my first time having someone else play my songs, and my first time having them get completely messed up like this.
Shizuku: I see... I thought I was the only one who did not know the right answer for band music.
Miku: Hehe, that is not true. I am sure none of us...
Miku: Oh, I see... None of us knows the right answer for this band's music.
Shizuku: Hm? What do you mean?
Miku: I think you, me, and those three monsters have all run into something new that "we do not know" yet.
Miku: Maybe we need to make new music, different from anything we have made before.
Miku: So, Shizuku. Will you help me look for our answer together?
Shizuku: ! Together...?
Miku: Yeah. I think I was stuck because I was trying to work it all out by myself.
Shizuku: All right. I will think about it too.
Shizuku: I do not know whether I can be of help, but I still want to try it with you.
Miku: Good. Then, to start with, this part has been bothering me...
