10590:adv_script_raika_shizuku_linkstory_3 Raika & Shizuku 3

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Living Room]

Shizuku: Raika, I'm out.
Raika: Did you enjoy your bath?
Shizuku: I did. I'm getting used to getting ready and bathing by myself.
Raika: You're amazing, Shizuku~ You get the hang of everything so quickly!
Shizuku: It's thanks to everyone teaching me.
Raika: You're welcome!
Raika: All right, let's dry your hair. Shizuku, sit in front of me~
Shizuku: All right.
Raika: Okay, time to dry your hair! Hair dryer on!
Shizuku: Raika... could I ask you something?
Raika: Your hair is so pretty, Shizuku~
Shizuku: Raika?
Raika: We use the same shampoo, but yours is so much fluffier somehow, Shizuku!
Shizuku: She can't hear me... *Inhales*...
Shizuku: Raika. Could I ask you something?
Raika: Hmm? What is it~?
Shizuku: Why do you dry my hair every day?
Raika: Huh? Why...?
Raika: You're right... Why do I?
Shizuku: Sorry for making you stop. It's something I've been wondering about.
Shizuku: Whenever there's something I've never done before, you teach me how.
Shizuku: But you've never taught me how to use a hair dryer because you always dry my hair for me, Raika.
Raika: Hmm, I guess it's not that there's a reason... It's just something I started doing...
Shizuku: I've been letting myself rely on you, too. Nanny always used to dry my hair.
Shizuku: Your way of doing it is different, but they both make me sleepy sometimes.
Raika: Ah, I know! I've fallen asleep while Granny was drying my hair too!
Raika: I'd sit on the same cushion you're on now, with my head between Granny's knees, just like you, Shizuku.
Shizuku: I see.
Raika: Yeah. That warm, cozy feeling after a bath... and the way she'd ruffle my hair. It just felt so nice...
Raika: Ah, that must be why!
Shizuku: What do you mean?
Raika: I liked having Granny dry my hair. Or maybe I just liked this time together.
Raika: We'd talk about what happened at school, or sing together loud enough to drown out the hair dryer.
Shizuku: And sometimes fall asleep...?
Raika: Exactly! It was so comforting.
Raika: It felt like I could feel Granny's love in the touch of her fingertips on my back.
Raika: I think that's why I wanted to do it for you too, Shizuku!
Shizuku: ...!
Raika: Now that I know why, I feel so much better~!
Raika: Okay, back to drying! Hair dryer, switch on!
Raika: I'll put aaaall my love into making your hair soft and silky, Shizuku~!
Shizuku: Thank you... Raika.
