10569:adv_script_natsume_houka_linkstory_3 Natsume & Houka 3

(Background change)

[]

Natsume: (Cheese, ham, lettuce... Stack them in the center, then sandwich them...)
Natsume: (Cheese, ham, lettuce... Stack them in the center, then sandwich them...)
Natsume: (Cheese, ham, lettuce... Stack them in the center...! I'm getting a little used to it, but this job is brutal...)
Natsume: (No... I'm doing all this for music...! It feels kind of cool, like I'm paying my dues!)
Natsume: (The pay is good, and nobody here knows me... This is where I'm going to make my money...!)
Part-Time Staff: Natsume-chan, it's almost time for your break!
Natsume: ! Yes...!
(Background change)

[The Garage]

Natsume: Hey. Where is everyone else...?
Houka: It would appear they have not arrived yet.
Natsume: I see. There's still about an hour until we're meant to meet, so I guess that's only to be expected.
Natsume: So why are you here this early?
Houka: An appointment I had this morning ended sooner than expected. I thought I might as well come here rather than pass the time elsewhere.
Natsume: I see. That's more or less why I'm here early too.
Houka: Since we have the time, shall I prepare some tea?
Natsume: I'm good. I'll just play around until everyone's here.
Natsume: ...
Houka: Natsume-san... Have you purchased another new effector?
Natsume: Hmm...? You noticed that well. Unlike Nagi, you actually pay attention.
Houka: Purely by chance♪ So, what sort of effector is it this time?
Natsume: This is a looper. The moment I step on it, it can record a phrase and play it back on a loop.
Natsume: It's limited to short phrases, but with this, I can make two sounds at once all by myself!
Houka: My. That seems to be a wonderfully versatile function.
Houka: Even so, you do have quite a collection of effectors, Natsume-san.
Houka: I am not especially knowledgeable about them, but aren't effectors rather expensive?
Natsume: Well, they're necessary expenses. You can never have too many options.
Houka: I see... You must have worked very hard at your part-time job. At the food factory.
Natsume: Gah!?
Natsume: Huh...? What are you talking about?
Houka: Oh... Was I mistaken? It may simply have been a misunderstanding on my part.
Houka: The mother of someone I know works at a food factory... She mentioned that a Minase student named Izawa works there part-time.
Houka: Apparently, she is very diligent, and although she only works on days off, she reliably takes shifts.
Houka: So I naturally assumed she must be referring to you, Natsume-san...
Natsume: N-No...! It isn't me!
Houka: My, is that so? Then please forgive my mistake.
Natsume: Exactly! I spend my days off at a Café in the morning! Working somewhere else helps me reset my mind!
Natsume: I went today too! I was in such a good mood, I had three espressos!
Natsume: Oh! I think I left something at home! I'm just going to run back and get it! Bye!
Houka: ...?
Houka: She certainly is a busy one.
