10568:adv_script_natsume_houka_linkstory_2 Natsume & Houka 2

(Background change)

[Outside the Garage]

Houka: Hmm, hmm...♪
Natsume: Oh... Is it just you?
Houka: Oh, Natsume-san. Good afternoon. I shall open up in just a moment, so please wait here.
Houka: Hmm, hmm...♪
Natsume: You're in an awfully good mood. Did something nice happen?
Houka: Indeed. We've had a few days off from practice, haven't we?
Houka: So, to think I shall soon be able to bask in Hotaru-san's music again...♡
Natsume: There you go saying something strange again...
Houka: There. It is open now. Please, after you♪
(Background change)

[]

Houka: Hmm, hmm...♪
Natsume: ...
Natsume: Hey, Houka.
Houka: Yes? I shall be finished setting up the drums in just a moment.
Natsume: That's not what I mean. Why do you play drums, anyway?
Houka: Hm...? Why, you ask?
(Background change)
Natsume: You know, when we first met, you were the vocalist in another band.
(Background change)
Natsume: I seem to remember you saying there was only an opening for drums here...
(Background change)
Houka: Ah, yes. That did happen.
Houka: After hearing Kanata-san sing, I would hardly have presumed to ask for the same role.
Natsume: Well, that's true enough.
Natsume: But would most people really do that? Going from vocals to drums is a completely different thing.
Natsume: You were already recognized as a vocalist. I wouldn't give that up and switch parts for anything.
Houka: I suppose you are right... It was difficult, moving to an instrument I had never played before.
Houka: Even so... More than anything, I wanted to be in a band with Kanata-san.
Houka: I simply did what I could to be of some use to her♪
Natsume: I wouldn't call your level of playing merely "doing what you could."
Houka: Why, I am honored♪
Natsume: Seriously... Why does someone like you have such a gift for drums...?
Houka: Oh... I would not call it a gift. I believe it simply suits my nature.
Houka: Perhaps I am simply suited to supporting the band from its foundation...
Natsume: Lately, it feels like you've been doing more staring at Hotaru than supporting anyone, though.
Houka: Hehe, so you noticed♪ After all, the drum kit's the best seat in the house for me.
Houka: From there, I can watch the radiant, beautiful light of her talent glittering before the audience, right up close.
Houka: One might even call it... a perk of the position♡
Natsume: *Sigh*...
Natsume: You really are impossible to figure out...
Houka: Am I? I'm simply a modest, devoted girl you might find anywhere, you know?
Natsume: Well... Whatever. As long as you can still perform properly at lives.
Houka: Of course. I shall continue to do my very best♪
