10567:adv_script_natsume_houka_linkstory_1 Natsume & Houka 1

(Background change)

[The Garage]

Natsume: Mmph... Ngh...!
Natsume: Ugh, no! Something's off. Start over!
Natsume: Phew... Maybe I need more fuel. I have to get my brain working...
Natsume: Pwah...
Houka: Hard at work, I see... My. You've amassed quite an impressive pile today.
Natsume: Don't step on those papers. I'm keeping them.
Houka: I do appreciate your dedication to composing... But might we do something about this clutter?
Houka: There is, you know, a perfectly good wastebasket right here.
Natsume: These are vital stepping stones. They only go in the wastebasket once the song is finished.
Houka: I see... Still, before long there will be nowhere left to step...
Houka: Have you considered using a tablet? There should be several models available now at rather approachable prices.
Natsume: How shallow. Paper and pen are the supreme tools.
Natsume: I use a computer when I'm polishing things up. But by then, it feels more like work.
Natsume: That very first moment, when you make something out of nothing. You have to stay analog, take your time, and work through it by trial and error!
Houka: I see... That is a composition style one encounters less and less these days.
Houka: Most people begin at the computer these days, after all. It does make your approach rather uncommon.
Natsume: ! Exactly! It is uncommon, isn't it!?
Natsume: Not that I was trying to be different or anything. It just sort of happened that way.
Houka: Indeed. I find it quite distinctive♪
Natsume: You get it, then. You really do have to work with your hands.
Natsume: And when your brain is completely worn out, drinking an energy drink like this is... Huh?
Natsume: It's empty already. My caffeine...
Houka: Oh my. If black tea would do, shall I prepare some for you?
Natsume: Really? Then I suppose I'll take you up on that.
Houka: Certainly♪ I shall put the water on now, so please allow about ten minutes.
Natsume: T-Ten minutes!? I want it now...
Houka: Of course. Even steeping the tea leaves properly takes a little time...
Natsume: I don't care about that. Just brew it quickly and bring it over.
Houka: I am afraid that simply will not do. It is an essential part of making a truly lovely cup of black tea.
Natsume: No, taste isn't the priority right now. I just need caffeine, quickly. Do you understand?
Houka: I understand. But on this point, I simply cannot compromise♪
Natsume: What!?
Houka: There are no shortcuts to reaching the "real thing." Only time and care will bring it within your grasp.
Houka: Perhaps it is not so different from your own way of composing, Natsume-san♪
Natsume: Ngh... Fine. Do it your way, then.
Houka: Very well♪ I shall bring you a lovely cup of tea.
Natsume: Phew... What is with her?
