10547:adv_script_miyako_yuno_linkstory_2 Miyako & Yuno 2

(Background change)

[Lunch Break]

Yuno: Huh... You're here early, Fuji-san.
Miyako: Good afternoon, Sengoku-san.
Yuno: The others aren't here yet?
Miyako: Not yet, but I'm sure they'll be here soon... Hm? That bag...
Miyako: An energy drink and White Chocole for lunch again?
Yuno: Yeah. It's quick and easy.
Miyako: Isn't that a little light for a day of in-person classes?
Yuno: It's enough. I don't eat much to begin with.
Yuno: As long as I get the nutrients I need, I don't really care what I eat.
Miyako: Even if you don't care what you eat, having the same thing every day...
Miyako: Wait!!
Yuno: What?
Miyako: Actually, Sengoku-san...
Miyako: Do you eat bread?
Yuno: I do... Why?
Miyako: Could you eat the same kind of bread every day too? Any kind, as long as it gives you the nutrients you need?
Yuno: Why are you asking...?
Miyako: I actually have a rather serious favor to ask.
Yuno: (That smile is scary.)
Miyako: Starting next week, convenience stores nationwide are running a Magilulu collaboration.
Miyako: Buy any two eligible savory bread items, and you get either a clear file or a sticker.
Miyako: There are four clear file designs. And eight sticker designs.
Miyako: Sengoku-san, here's a math problem. How many would you need to buy to collect them all?
Yuno: Twenty-four...
Miyako: Exactly right.
Miyako: Last time, I froze them and somehow ate them all, but honestly, living off of frozen bread is pretty harsh...
Miyako: So, Sengoku-san...! Would you please help me eat all that bread?!
Yuno: Uhh...
Miyako: You can just have one every now and then to mix things up! I'll make sure you're properly paid for it!
Miyako: So pleeeease...!!
Yuno: O-Okay, I'll do it...!
Miyako: Really?! You will?!
Yuno: Yeah... But as I said, I don't eat much.
Yuno: One per meal is probably my limit. Is that still okay?
Miyako: Of course! That's more than enough!
Miyako: Sengoku-san, thank you so much!
Yuno: You're welcome...
Miyako: One per meal means three a day...! At that rate, you'd make such a dent in the stockpile... Nghhh...
Yuno: You don't have to cry over it...
Yuno: Wait... Were you doing the math for every single meal?
