10548:adv_script_miyako_yuno_linkstory_3 Miyako & Yuno 3

(Background change)

[Before Band Practice]

Miyako: (All right... This should be enough for today's practice...)
Yuno: H-Heyyy...
Miyako: Sengoku-san...! You look absolutely exhausted.
Yuno: I'm completely wiped... This is why I hate going outside...
Miyako: You went out even though you had no in-person classes today?
Yuno: Yeah... The gear I wanted wasn't available online.
Yuno: I had to walk there, haul it back, and get shoved around in the crowd... Going out takes way too much out of me.
Miyako: Perhaps that's because you normally never leave the house?
Yuno: Come on, Fuji-san. You're one of us.
Yuno: Remember when we went to the beach? You were completely wiped out on the way home.
Miyako: Ah...
Yuno: You work from home too, and you barely move from your desk. People with jobs like ours tend not to get much exercise.
Miyako: That's true. I'm not athletic, and I don't particularly see the need to exercise.
Yuno: Right? Even when people say it's for your health...
Miyako: That said, I find the sight of other girls working up a healthy sweat playing sports quite beautiful.
Yuno: Huh...?
Miyako: Breathing in a steady rhythm, eyes fixed straight ahead, running with single-minded determination...
Miyako: Is she not more radiant than the sun, more refreshing than a spring breeze?
Yuno: Sorry... What are you talking about?
Miyako: Girls exercising.
Miyako: As it happens, Sengoku-san, I'm drawing a scene where a character about your height is exercising.
Yuno: Okay...
Miyako: So, would you be willing to run a marathon?
Yuno: That's where all this was going...? And why do we have to run a marathon?
Miyako: No, Sengoku-san. You would be the only one running.
Miyako: As I said, I'm drawing a girl exercising. I need reference material.
Yuno: So you want me to run for you...!?
Miyako: You get some much-needed exercise, Sengoku-san. And I get my reference material. Two birds with one stone.
Yuno: You're the only one getting anything out of this, Fuji-san...
Miyako: I'll send you the marathon route in advance.
Miyako: Let me know if you need anything, such as setting up water stations or sharing the planned shooting locations.
Miyako: If you need running clothes, the outfit I bought for reference happens to be in your size, Sengoku-san, so...
Yuno: Wait. Are you seriously trying to make this happen?
Miyako: Yes. It is mutually beneficial.
Yuno: No, you're still the only one benefiting.
Miyako: Watching you work up a healthy sweat would make excellent reference material, Sengoku-san.
Yuno: ...
Yuno: (I really picked the wrong topic...)
