10512:adv_script_umiri_nyamu_linkstory_3 Umiri & Nyamu 3

(Background change)

[Win-Wing-Production - Open Space]

Umiri: ...
Nyamu: *Sigh*...
Umiri: Oh, Yūtenji-san. Good morning.
Nyamu: Oh, Umiko. Hey, you have to hear this~!
Umiri: I am working right now. I will give you attention later.
Nyamu: So, you know how I had the morning off today?
Umiri: Hm.
Nyamu: I've been super busy lately, so I figured I might as well treat myself and went to get a hand treatment.
(Background change)
Nyamu: It was a pretty popular place, and I got a reservation right away, so I was like, "lucky me♪"
Umiri: That is good to hear.
(Background change)
Nyamu: But then... The person doing my treatment was one of Nyamuchi's followers!!
Umiri: I see.
Nyamu: I was like, seriouslyyy?! I mean, of course I am happy when fans get excited, and I am grateful for the support, but...
Nyamu: But still, I just couldn't relax, you know? I couldn't say anything weird in front of a fan, so I was being super careful the whole time~
Umiri: I see.
Nyamu: It honestly just made me more tired... I went there to relax, so it totally defeated the purpose.
Umiri: Hmm...
Umiri: Could you not have told her? That you would rather not talk much. You can make requests like that at hair salons too, right?
Nyamu: No, that would make me look bad.
Umiri: What about switching to a different salon...?
Nyamu: After I was already there? And saying, "I'm canceling because you're a fan," would be way too rude.
Umiri: Then perhaps you could ask who you will be assigned to when you book...
Nyamu: "Hello? I just wanted to ask, are any of your staff Nyamuchi's followers?" Like that...? What is that supposed to be, a flex?
Umiri: ...
Umiri: Then we are at a dead end. I cannot think of a solution.
Nyamu: I wasn't asking you for a solution, though.
Umiri: Weren’t you?
Nyamu: Nope. I just wanted to vent a little.
Umiri: Hm.
Nyamu: It's hard to complain about stuff like this to just anyone, you know?
Umiri: You are venting to me right now.
Nyamu: You're different. You're one of us.
Umiri: Hmm...
Umiri: That is not a bad feeling.
Umiri: If we are close enough to complain to each other, that means we are trusted teammates.
Nyamu: Huh?
Umiri: In that case, it would be rude if I did not share a complaint too. Let's see. My recent complaint would be...
Nyamu: (Ugh, here she goes...)
Nyamu: Oh! I just remembered I have something to do! I'm heading out now~
Umiri: Come on. Don't be like that. Let's talk some more.
Nyamu: <size=150%>Come on, get back to work, Umiko~!
