10566:adv_script_natsume_mahoro_linkstory_3 Natsume & Mahoro 3

(Background change)

[Residential Street]

Natsume: Phew... Maybe I went a little overboard.
Mahoro: Oh, Natsume-chan. Went shopping? That's a lot of bags!
Natsume: Mahoro. Fancy seeing you. Yeah, I just went clothes shopping.
Mahoro: Nice~ I want some new clothes too. Maybe I'll check out the shopping mall sometime~
Natsume: Huh? The shopping mall?
Mahoro: What? Is something wrong...?
Natsume: Where do you usually buy your clothes, anyway?
Mahoro: Where...? At the regular shops in the shopping mall. I go when they're having a sale and stuff.
Natsume: Phew... I can't believe you.
Mahoro: Huh? What?
Natsume: You're in a band, and you think that's good enough?
Mahoro: I-Is that not okay...?
Natsume: Absolutely not. Listen, someone in a band is an artist.
Natsume: Fast fashion, sale racks... There's not one cool thing about dressing like everyone else!
Mahoro: B-But come on! People say fast fashion is stylish again these days, don't they!?
Natsume: Don't tell me fashion has just gone all the way around again!
Mahoro: !!
Natsume: Only people who are filthy rich... or losers who've given up on making their own choices say that.
Mahoro: L-Losers...!?
Mahoro: I-I know I'm not exactly confident about fashion, but... You didn't have to say it like that...
Mahoro: Then where do you buy your clothes, Natsume-chan?
Natsume: Hmph. Isn't it obvious...? Vintage shops.
Mahoro: !?
Mahoro: Vintage shops... You mean, those places on the side streets, just off the main road...?
Natsume: Exactly. The kind where you can find one-of-a-kind pieces that no one else has, as long as you've got an eye for them.
Mahoro: You buy your clothes at vintage shops, Natsume-chan...! I'd always thought you dressed so stylishly...!
Natsume: Well, ordinary shops just aren't enough for someone like me, you know? I guess I've discovered the thrill of digging.
Mahoro: D-Digging...?
Natsume: Yeah. It means digging until you find something good.
Mahoro: I see...! That's so coo— No, I mean, that's such a cool word!
Natsume: See? I went to my favorite place today and dug to my heart's content—
Staff: Oh, you're still here! Hey, you in the jacket!
Natsume: Gah!?
Mahoro: Huh? Do you think they're talking to you, Natsume-chan?
Staff: I'm glad you hadn't gone too far! Here, this is for you. A point card!
Staff: We're supposed to give one to every first-time customer, but I completely forgot!
Natsume: Thank you...
Staff: Thanks for buying so much! Come again!
Mahoro & Natsume: ...
Natsume: What...? Go ahead and pity me. That's right. I'm a loser too.
Mahoro: I-I don't think that at all... I think it's cool that you can walk into a new shop by yourself.
Natsume: R-Right...! I did buy clothes at a vintage shop, after all! I'm cool, right!?
Mahoro: Exactly! You're super cool!
Natsume: Now that's what I like to hear, Mahoro! Next time I go, I'll take you with me!
Mahoro: Th-Thank you...
Mahoro: (Natsume-chan... She's tough.)
