10576:adv_script_mahoro_houka_linkstory_1 Mahoro & Houka 1

(Background change)

[The Garage]

Houka: Thank you for your hard work today. I shall be on my way, then.
Mahoro: Oh, Houka-chan. Could I talk to you for a second...?
Houka: ? Is something the matter?
Mahoro: Um, I wanted to ask you something about our costumes...
Houka: Oh my. In that case, it would be best to send all the alterations in together. Shall we call everyone over and check?
Mahoro: Ah... No, it is not quite like that... It is more like, um...
Houka: Ah... You need the sizing adjusted♪
Mahoro: Ahh! That is it, that is it! But it is kind of embarrassing that you figured it out so quickly...!
Mahoro: But... Yes. That is it...
Houka: Then I shall take care of it discreetly♪
Mahoro: Aww, thank you... Actually, it is a little tighter around my waist than it used to be...
Houka: I see... I see.
Houka: Though, from looking at you, I would not say you seem very different...
Mahoro: D-Do not look at me~!
Mahoro: I thought it might be getting bad... So lately, I have been trying to eat a little less...
Houka: I see. But if you are being mindful so that you return to your usual shape, would you not be fine without alterations?
Mahoro: W-Well... I thought it might be good to have a safety net, just in case...
Houka: Hehe. You are surprisingly timid about this, are you not?
Mahoro: Ugh... When we were designing the costumes together, I should have pushed for something a little looser...
Houka: It was our first time having costumes at all. I suppose it is only natural that there would be some unexpected complications.
Houka: Everyone was so excited—Kanata-san especially.
Mahoro: Ahaha... That is true. I was so happy too.
Mahoro: It made me feel like we were real professionals.
Houka: Natsume-san seemed dissatisfied right until the end. She wanted everything in black, and said the ruffles on the sleeves got in the way.
Mahoro: Natsume-chan is really particular about things, you know~
Mahoro: On the other hand, Nagi-chan did not say a thing. She just said, "As long as it does not look strange, I will leave it to you."
Houka: Hehe. We could have made hers a little cuter.
Mahoro: Nagi-chan would definitely get mad about that...
Mahoro: Wait... If you think about it, were Kanata and I the only ones getting all excited?
Houka: Not at all. I was every bit as excited as the two of you.
Mahoro: You were? Is there anything about these costumes that you especially like, Houka-chan?
Houka: Let me see...
Houka: Above all, I like that they are white.
Mahoro: Mm-hm, mm-hm. They are cute, right?
Houka: And the floral accessories are lovely as well.
Mahoro: The corsages, right? Kanata said she wanted those, did she not?
Houka: Yes. Though, if we were going that far, perhaps traditional Japanese attire would have suited us as well.
Houka: (Funeral flowers and burial clothes. They would be perfect for my wish—)
Mahoro: T-Traditional Japanese attire...? Well, I mean, I am sure it would look good on you, Houka-chan...
Houka: Hehe... In any case, it means I like these costumes too♪
