10578:adv_script_mahoro_houka_linkstory_3 Mahoro & Houka 3

(Background change)

[The Garage]

Mahoro: ...!
Houka: Oh, Mahoro-san. Good work today.
Mahoro: Y-Yeah...! Good work today...!
Houka: Is something the matter...? You keep looking around rather anxiously.
Mahoro: Oh, yeah... It is because of my horoscope...!
Houka: Your horoscope?
Mahoro: Yeah... I always watch the horoscope segment on the morning news. Cancer was ranked last today...
Mahoro: It said, "You may be distracted today! Watch out for unexpected injuries!"
Houka: So that is why you are walking so carefully.
Mahoro: Yeah... I cannot stop thinking about it.
Mahoro: I brought my lucky item too, just in case. It said stationery, so... Look, my pencil case.
Houka: My. It is packed full of pens.
Mahoro: I brought every pen we had at home... And there are still two more pencil cases there...
Houka: I see. That does sound rather burdensome.
Mahoro: Ugh... Are you the type to believe in horoscopes, Houka-chan?
Houka: Let me see... There are 365 days in a year, so with twelve zodiac signs, each one will be ranked last about one twelfth of the time...
Houka: I feel there would be no end to it if one worried about that every time.
Mahoro: Haha, I guess so.
Houka: Besides, if you checked a different horoscope, I am sure it would give you a different result.
Mahoro: Yeah... I know I should not take it too seriously, but...
Mahoro: I start worrying that something really might happen...
Houka: Hehe. You have such a gentle heart, Mahoro-san.
Mahoro: Do I...?
Houka: Then why not think of it this way?
Houka: Rather than treating last place as something bad, simply think of it as the ordinary state of things.
Houka: That way, your horoscope is always ordinary or better. See? There is nothing to worry about.
Mahoro: I-I see...
Mahoro: You can be pretty levelheaded sometimes, Houka-chan. "Dry" might make it sound mean, though.
Houka: Oh my, do you think so?
Houka: I do not feel that I am consciously trying to be any particular way...
Houka: If I had to say, perhaps it is that I try not to expect too much.
Mahoro: Expect too much...?
Houka: Yes. I believe life has a way of hurting us when we expect too much from it.
Houka: It is only natural for nothing to happen. If something good does, then that is a lucky surprise... That is about the right balance, I think.
Mahoro: That is so grown-up...! I get excited about things all the time, and I want to keep feeling that way~
Houka: Hehe... It is not easy to change the way one thinks.
Houka: I think that is perfectly fine for you, Mahoro-san♪ Horoscopes can be fun little spices in everyday life, after all.
Mahoro: Yeah, thank you! I will try not to worry so much about the result!
Houka: Of course. I shall be wishing, in my own small way, for a good turn of fortune to come your way, Mahoro-san♪
