10575:adv_script_nagi_houka_linkstory_3 Nagi & Houka 3

(Background change)

[Minase Girls' Academy - Classroom 1-B]

Nagi: (No practice today... What should I do?)
Houka: Well then, I shall be taking my leave now♪
Nagi: See you... Though I've been wondering since this morning. Isn't that an awful lot to carry?
Houka: Why, to think you have been keeping such a close eye on me. How embarrassing.
Nagi: Cut it out. I was just wondering.
Houka: How unkind.
Houka: I'm meeting my sister after this.
Houka: Because we hadn't seen each other in so long, my parents sent me off with one souvenir after another... Before I knew it, I was carrying all this.
Nagi: Huh. You have a sister? I thought you were an only child.
Houka: Oh, but I do my best as a devoted little sister, you know?
Nagi: If it's been a while, she doesn't live at home?
Houka: That's right. She is already working, after all.
Nagi: Is there a pretty big age gap between you two?
Houka: Let me see... She's six years older than I am. She finished culinary school and is now training at a restaurant in Tokyo.
Nagi: A chef, huh? That's pretty cool.
Houka: Hehe. She is a fine adult now, of course... But she was quite the free spirit when she was younger.
Houka: When she was a student, she was forever clashing with our parents.
Nagi: Oh. A troublemaker.
Houka: Indeed. Unlike unremarkable little old me.
Nagi: Unremarkable...?
Houka: Even so, we never had a poor relationship as sisters. If anything, she was very kind to me.
Houka: She often invited friends over, and when I was little, I would join them and let them entertain me.
Nagi: Hmm.
Nagi: (Maybe that's where Houka gets that strange knack for people...)
Houka: Today, my sister says she will take me to a lovely restaurant as part of her own studies♪
Nagi: How very close.
Houka: And what about you, Nagi-san? Do you have any siblings?
Nagi: Uh... One older sister.
Houka: How lovely. We have that in common as well. I'm delighted♪
Nagi: Do we have anything else in common?
Nagi: My sister lives alone too, but unlike yours... We do not really keep in touch.
Houka: I see. Every pair of sisters has their own way.
Nagi: The age gap isn't as big as yours, and she only moved out fairly recently.
Houka: Oh? Then perhaps you still miss her a little?
Houka: Should you ever feel the need, you may call me Big Sis anytime you wish♪
Nagi: Sure, sure. If you have plans, you'd better get going, Big Sis Houka.
Houka: Hehe, of course. I do have an appointment to keep. Until later, then.
Nagi: Okaaay.
Nagi: I wonder if you're doing okay, Sis...
