10065:adv_script_millsage_004_1_06 Both hands full

(I can't stand the thought of it... disappearing!)

(Background change)

[The Way Home]

Hotaru: ...
Hotaru: (I feel like I'm floating.)
Hotaru: (Every sound around me feels so far away.)
Hotaru: (It feels like I'm wrapped in a thin, invisible veil.)
Hotaru: Kanata-san...
Hotaru: (Some part of me still can't believe it.)
Hotaru: (That I'll never see her again.)
(Background change)
Hotaru: So... that's why you're disbanding...
Mahoro: Yeah... that's right.
(Background change)
Hotaru: (Mahoro-san looked like she was in so much pain.)
Hotaru: (But when she talked about their memories, her expression was so soft.)
Hotaru: (Could the band... really just end like this...?)
(Background change)
Hotaru: Hehe... Kanata-san, you really do love millsage, don't you?
Kanata: Of course! I hope they would be happy.
Kanata: They're my treasure.
(Background change)
Hotaru: ...!!
(Background change)
(Background change)
Hotaru: Hah... hah...!
Hotaru: (Kanata-san, Kanata-san, Kanata-san!)
Hotaru: (Maybe someone like me can't change anything...!)
Hotaru: (Maybe I won't be any help at all...!)
(Background change)
Hotaru: (But...!)
Hotaru: (Kanata-san's treasure...)
Hotaru: (The music you left behind in this world...)
Hotaru: (I can't stand the thought of it... disappearing!)
(Background change)
Hotaru: (I still haven't given anything back to you...! After you gave me so much... so much...!)
Hotaru: (At the very least... the happiness you wished for everyone, Kanata-san...!)
Hotaru: (If I can change this ending, even just a little, so everyone doesn't have to be left grieving...! Then I...!)
(Background change)

[Live House - Front Desk]

Store Manager: Houka-chan, are you sure you don't want to join another band? You even got an invitation...
Houka: Yes. The band I belong to now is my coffin.
Store Manager: Your coffin...? That's really not a good way to put it.
Houka: (That was my intent from the very beginning. This band was to be my coffin. And yet, that wish can no longer come true.)
Houka: (Then at least... even if I must go on as one who failed to die... I will leave the musician I was here.)
Store Manager: I know what happened, but... I still can't help wishing you'd keep playing in a band.
Houka: If I could, that would be the greatest happiness of all.
Store Manager: That's such a shame. You've got all that talent, Houka-chan.
Houka: I wonder about that...
Store Manager: You were on vocals before you joined millsage, after all. I think you could do perfectly well that way too.
Houka: Hehe. Such lavish praise is more than someone like me deserves.
Store Manager: Right, that reminds me. That long-haired girl who came by the dressing room today... Was she someone you know, Houka-chan?
Houka: Ah... You mean Shiomi-san? Today was our first meeting.
Houka: Are you familiar with her?
Store Manager: Not personally, no. Videos of her playing street piano have been getting some attention lately.
(Background change)
Store Manager: She was really famous in the classical music world when she was a kid. People called her the "Angel of the Music World." She was a prodigy!
(Background change)
Store Manager: Apparently she doesn't enter competitions anymore these days. But I've seen her play, and she was unbelievable.
Houka: My... You are rather well informed.
Store Manager: My niece used to play piano, that's why. Here, this is the video that got all that buzz.
Houka: ...!
Houka: (Remarkable...!)
Hotaru: Hah, hah...! Um, excuse me!
Houka: My...♪
Store Manager: Wait, it's really her!? Why is she here!?
Hotaru: Hah... hah...! Is... Is Mahoro-san still here!?
Houka: If it is Mahoro-san you are looking for, I'm afraid she has already gone home. Did you need something from her?
Hotaru: Ah... um...! It's about millsage...! ...(Deep breath)...
Hotaru: Is there anything... I can do to help...!?
Houka: !
Hotaru: I-I'm sorry. I know it must sound strange, some outsider suddenly saying this...
Hotaru: Like, what do I know about any of this...!? I-I think that too...
Hotaru: But... I...!
Hotaru: I could tell how precious millsage was to all of you.
Hotaru: And I'm sure Kanata-san felt the same way.
Hotaru: She talked so much about millsage... and she smiled when she did. She called it her treasure, and said she wanted all of you to be happy...!
Hotaru: So... please! Don't let the band end!
Hotaru: There has to be a future, where all of you can still be happy!
Houka: ...
Houka: (How very greedy...)
Houka: (So childlike, so rough around the edges.)
Houka: (And perhaps that is precisely why...)
Houka: I have taken your feelings... to heart.
Hotaru: !
Houka: However, it is already rather late tonight...
Houka: If you would not mind, perhaps we could speak again properly another day♪
(Background change)

[Road Along the Shore]

Nagi: Are you really sure... you're okay going home alone?
Mahoro: I told you, I'll be fine. You're having dinner with your family, right? Then you should hurry and meet up with them.
Nagi: But...
Mahoro: You worry too much. I'm still the older one here, you know, Nagi-chan.
Nagi: Then... maybe it's about time you learned to wake up on your own in the morning, big sister.
Mahoro: Urk... Let's say that's a separate issue...
Nagi: It's still cold at night, don't make any detours. Call me if anything happens.
Nagi: No practice today either. Get some proper rest, okay?
Mahoro: Okaaay.
Nagi: Do you really get it, though?
Nagi: See you, then.
Mahoro: Yeah. Thanks.
Mahoro: ...
Mahoro: Nagi-chan used to be so much cuter...
Mahoro: Somewhere along the way, she went and got so cool. Makes me look like the unreliable one, doesn't it?
Mahoro: Well... I guess I really am unreliable.
Mahoro: ...
Mahoro: Hey... Kanata.
Mahoro: I still remember what we talked about that day.
(Background change)

[After the School Festival Live]

[Minase Girls' Academy - Roof]

Mahoro: There you are~ The festival after-party is already starting, you know?
Kanata: Oh...
Mahoro: What's wrong? You're totally spacing out.
Kanata: Nah...
Kanata: Just thinking how fun that live was.
Mahoro: Huh~? I didn't know you got like this too, Kanata.
Kanata: What, that a problem?
Mahoro: No, not at all. I had a ton of fun at today's live too.
Mahoro: My second-year middle school self would never believe it. Like, "You'll be playing in a band on the school festival stage one day!"
Mahoro: I think... my heart's still racing a little.
Kanata: Still, that was the whole youth thing, right?
Mahoro: Yeah... Almost enough to make me laugh.
Kanata: At first... there was something I wanted to do. That's why I started this band.
Mahoro: Wait, what? Are we getting a passionate speech?
Kanata: Yup. So shut up and listen.
Kanata: A mark I left behind, I guess.
Kanata: Proof that I was really here in this world. Something that could only exist because I lived this life.
Kanata: I thought it'd be nice to have something like that. Y'know, proof I existed?
Mahoro: Kanata...?
Kanata: Ahaha! I mean, you know I used to be a sickly, fragile beauty, right?
Kanata: So yeah, I tended to think about stuff like that.
Mahoro: Since when were you fragile?
Kanata: Harsh.
Kanata: Anyway. I wanted that, so I asked you guys to start a band with me.
(Background change)
Kanata: Then Natsume and Houka joined, and there were five of us... Haha. Damn, all I can think of are the dumbest memories.
Mahoro: Like... the metronome incident?
Kanata: Oh yeah, that one. We could not come in together on the chorus for anything, so we tried playing along to a click, but...
Mahoro: We listened to it so much, and I could still hear the click in my head when I went to bed... Then I overslept the next day. Ahaha.
Kanata: And that time, Nagi hit the distortion pedal for the first time with the knobs all over the place and made that toy-like sound. I laughed like crazy.
Mahoro: Nagi-chan was panicking for once. Like, "I don't know how to fix it!"
(Background change)
Kanata: Then~ Y'know, our first live! Natsume stepped off the riser and wiped out mid-show.
Mahoro: It was amazing how she still protected her guitar on instinct, wasn't it?
Kanata: Seriously, how did she not get hurt~?
Mahoro: Oh, I remember when we all escorted Houka-chan too. The one where our arms got so sore we couldn't lift them afterward.
Kanata: Somewhere along the way, it turned into this whole noble lady with four butlers thing. Like, "Allow me to carry your luggage."
Mahoro: Ahaha. What even was that?
Kanata: Haha, yeah... Anyway, y'know, we just kept piling up memories like that.
Kanata: Then, at that practice camp the other day, I realized something.
Kanata: I was like, oh... this was it.
Mahoro: This...?
Kanata: Yep. I kept lining up all these cool-sounding reasons, like leaving a mark and proving I existed, but...
Kanata: In the end, I just wanted to live out my youth.
Mahoro: ...!
Kanata: The story of our youth, with us as the main characters.
Mahoro: I think... I kind of get that.
Mahoro: When our live ended earlier, it felt like the last chapter of a manga or something!
Kanata: Huh? Who was it backstage saying, "It feels like my life is about to start!"?
Mahoro: That's how it felt then! But now it feels like the credits are rolling on the perfect ending.
Kanata: Haha, what the heck does that mean?
Kanata: Anyway, y'know. I'm stupidly happy right now. I'm even grateful to this world.
Kanata: Enough that I wanna grab every random person walking by and go around kissing them all.
Mahoro: Huh?! K-Kiss?! W-W-W-What are you saying, Kanata!?
Kanata: You're freaking out way too hard. What are you, an elementary school girl? I'm just saying that's how happy I am.
Kanata: So instead, I'm gonna make music.
Kanata: I'm going to deliver it to everyone through sound. A happy gift from us to the world.
Mahoro: Oh... So, that's why we're "millsage"...? The French word for "thousand," and...
Kanata: Corsage, a flower for celebration. millsage.
Kanata: It's happiness I wanna share, more than we could ever hold in both hands.
Kanata: Hey, Mahoro. Truth is, I...
(Background change)
Mahoro: Huh...?
(Background change)
Mahoro: ...!!
Mahoro: ...
Mahoro: That happiness... was mine too...
Mahoro: It really was... and yet...
Mahoro: I'm sorry, Kanata.
