10066:adv_script_millsage_004_1_07 With my music

A future where everyone gets to be happy.

(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Café]

Houka: Please, choose anything that catches your eye♪
Hotaru: Y-yes...
Houka: Shiomi-san...? Your menu is upside down~
Hotaru: What...?  Ah! I-I'm so sorry...!
Houka: Hehe. There is no need to be so tense. Plenty of students come here as well.
Hotaru: O-oh, I see...
Hotaru: Actually, um... this is my first time going somewhere with someone outside my family...!
Houka: My, then I am truly honored♪
Houka: If you are comfortable with it, Shiomi-san, shall we order a few things to share?
Hotaru: May I...!?
Houka: Of course♪
Houka: I do have rather discerning tastes, and this café is especially renowned for its pancakes.
Hotaru: Pancakes...!
Houka: Hehe. Then let us place our order first.
Houka: Now then... shall we turn to the subject that brought us here today?
Houka: About millsage... you said you hoped to help us somehow...
Hotaru: Y-yes...!
Houka: What exactly did you have in mind?
Hotaru: Um... After I went home yesterday, I thought about what I might be able to do...
Hotaru: Like... if you ever needed me for an important rehearsal or live show, I could play piano...
Hotaru: and maybe that would bring your sound a little closer... to how it was when there were five of you...
Houka: I see. So you would be helping us as a support member.
Hotaru: Support...?
Houka: A support member is not a formal member of the band, but someone who joins in when needed to help with performances.
Hotaru: Yes...! I think that's exactly what I meant!
Houka: That is a very generous offer. Truly.
Houka: If there were any way for us to avoid disbanding, I wanted to find it as well.
Hotaru: I'm so relieved...!
Houka: However... I am afraid that alone would not be enough to change where we stand.
Hotaru: Huh...?
Houka: Allow me to explain where millsage stands at the moment.
Houka: The main reason was the departure of Kanata-san and Natsume-san... Natsume-san was our lead guitarist. Losing both of them had a major impact.
Houka: As a result, music that was once performed by five people is now being carried by three.
Houka: We have managed to cover the guitar and piano parts with programmed tracks, but...
Houka: The vocals, however, are different. Someone still needs to take on that role.
(Background change)
Houka: That was when Mahoro-san volunteered to sing.
Houka: Nagi-san said singing was not her strength, and in my case... handling vocals while drumming would not be realistic.
Houka: Even if it was by process of elimination, Mahoro-san was the only real option.
(Background change)
Houka: But... millsage's songs were written around Kanata-san's voice.
Houka: To be frank, Kanata-san was in a class of her own, both in her piano playing and her vocal performance.
Houka: Mahoro-san is giving it everything she has, but she also began learning bass with no prior experience...
Houka: Between the thinner sound I mentioned earlier and the absence of Kanata-san's presence, the audience has judged us rather severely.
Hotaru: ...!
Hotaru: (That must be why yesterday's audience felt so distant...)
Houka: And... there is another difficulty.
Houka: With Natsume-san, who composed our songs, gone as well, work on new music has come to a halt.
Houka: Of course, it would be possible for us to continue performing lives with only the songs we already have, but...
Houka: In other words, that would amount to little more than maintaining the status quo. We would not be moving forward, merely standing still.
Houka: If we were to continue under such circumstances, we would only wear ourselves down little by little.
Hotaru: ...
Hotaru: (So... just playing piano would not be enough.)
Hotaru: (Mahoro-san's burden, the new songs... We would have to solve both of those problems...)
Houka: ...
Houka: Please don't worry. There is indeed a way.
Houka: We simply need to have Natsume-san come back to us♪
Hotaru: Huh...?
Houka: With Natsume-san back with us, we would be able to resume work on new songs.
Houka: And as for Mahoro-san, we could ease her burden as well by having Natsume-san adjust the bass part accordingly.
Hotaru: That's true...!
Hotaru: Wait... But if that is the case, wouldn't that mean you don't need me...?
Houka: No, that is not the case at all. The piano remains an essential part of this band, and that has not changed.
Houka: Besides, Shiomi-san, there is a task of the utmost importance that I would like to entrust to you: persuading Natsume-san.
Hotaru: M-Me? You want me to persuade her!?
Houka: Yes. You, Shiomi-san♪
Hotaru: But Natsume-san... stopped even coming to practice, didn't she...?
Houka: If you were to join us as a support member, Shiomi-san, that would change matters entirely. I am certain she would agree to sit down and speak with us.
Hotaru: B-but would she really listen to someone like me, when we have never even met...?
Houka: There is no need for concern. I have every confidence that you can do it.
Houka: You are the "Angel of the Music World," after all.
Hotaru: !
Houka: I understand you were held in exceptionally high regard in the classical music world, Shiomi-san.
Houka: Forgive my presumption, but I took the liberty of watching the video of your street piano performance.
Houka: It was so... truly beautiful♡
Hotaru: U-um...
Houka: With your music, I truly believe we can make it a reality.
Houka: "A future where everyone can be happy."
Hotaru: With... my music...?
(Background change)
Kanata: But y'know, "music that makes everyone happy..."
Kanata: If anyone can make that happen, it's you, Hotaru!
(Background change)
Hotaru: ...
Hotaru: (I still don't know what I can do... or whether I can really do it properly...)
Hotaru: (But if it would help everyone...)
Hotaru: (then I want to try believing in Houka-san.)
Hotaru: All right... I'll give it a try!
Houka: My, thank you very much♪
Houka: Let us strive together, shall we?
(Background change)

[Izawa House - Natsume's Room]

Natsume: ...
Natsume: (I haven't touched my guitar at all lately.)
Natsume: (Every time I so much as touch music, my chest starts to hurt.)
Natsume: (Maybe I should just... leave things as they are.)
Natsume: ...? From Houka?
(message) Houka: Hey, hope you’re doing well.
(message) Houka: We had a rather unusual guest at our live the other day.
(message) Houka: Hotaru Shiomi-san.
(message) Houka: The girl Kanata-san mentioned before, if I recall correctly.
(message) Houka: Apparently she's really good at piano🎹
Natsume: ...?
Natsume: What is this supposed to be? Some kind of report? This has nothing to do with me...
Natsume: I don't get it. Whatever. I'm ignoring this...
(message) Houka: I am thinking of having Shiomi-san join millsage.
Natsume: What...?
