10070:adv_script_millsage_004_1_11 Potential

Hey, Houka... what are you after?

(Background change)

[Café]

: L-let me introduce myself properly...!
: Starting today, I'll be working with millsage. My name is Hotaru Shiomi! And I'll be playing piano!
: I'll give it everything I've got, so... I'm looking forward to playing with you all!
: Glad to have you. Looking forward to it.
: Yaaay~♪ Clap, clap~
: So... why are we at a Café? Aren't we practicing?
: Now, now. It is a welcome party, after all. Surely there is no harm in that.
: Here you are, Hotaru-san. Please have a look at the menu.
: Thank you!
: Wait... were you already calling Shiomi-san by her first name?
: Well. Support member or not, we will be in the same band together now.
: Doesn't it feel warmer that way? Wouldn't you agree, Hotaru-san? ♡
: Yes! Please call me whatever you like!
: Now, down to business. If I'm coming back, then I'm not going easy on band stuff either.
: We've gotta write new songs too... Hotaru!
: Y-Yes!
: I'm expecting you to pull your weight too. Got it?
: As soon as I've got a demo, I'll send it straight to you, middle of the night or not. You listen to it and arrange it.
: Arrange it...?
: Right.
: That's what Kanata used to do, right?
: If you're gonna call yourself Kanata's apprentice, then you're doing what she did.
: That's what an apprentice is supposed to do, right?
: Talk about old-fashioned.
: You said something?
: Nope.
: Hey, you two should stop it now, okay?
: Hehe, you two get along well♪
: I-I'll do my best!
Hotaru: (I'm so glad... Natsume-san actually decided to come back to the band.)
Hotaru: (When they told me to convince her and settle things through music, I had no idea what I was supposed to do...)
Hotaru: (But... those sessions were actually kind of fun.)
Hotaru: (We clashed with everything we had... and still, I didn't see any rainbow colors...)
Hotaru: (Maybe... I could only see them when I was a child...?)
Hotaru: (No, I can't assume that. I still don't know why I see those rainbow colors, so I have to keep being careful...!)
Mahoro: This almost doesn't feel real.
Mahoro: Just the other day, it was only the three of us playing live, barely holding it together... and talking about disbanding...
Hotaru: ...
Mahoro: And now here we are, all together again... talking about the band... It's all because of you, Hotaru-chan.
Hotaru: N-no, not at all...!  I'll work even harder so I can help more!
Mahoro: Yeah... I'll do my best too.
Houka: Yes♪ Let us all move forward together once more.
Mahoro: This really is... our last chance...
Nagi: ?
Houka: In any case, that settles one problem♪ Which leaves...
Mahoro: ...
Natsume: Huh? What, is something up with Mahoro?
Nagi: About Mahoro's part... could you make it a little easier?
Nagi: Now that she's doubling as a vocalist, that part's a little much to play while singing...
Mahoro: Um! Could we maybe talk about that later?
Natsume: Huh? Yeah, sure.
Nagi: Mahoro...?
Mahoro: Come on, this is Hotaru-chan's welcome party! Heavy band talk isn't exactly fun, you know~?
Nagi: You think...?
Hotaru: Um, if that's the case, please don't worry about me! It's important to millsage, right?
Mahoro: It is, but... Oh! Why don't you ask us something instead, Hotaru-chan?
Hotaru: S-something I want to ask...? Oh!
Hotaru: It's about this keychain... I found it by the piano in the garage.
Mahoro: ...! This was Kanata's.
Houka: She was quite fond of Nikopan-chan, wasn't she?
Hotaru: So it really was hers... I'm sorry I held on to it for so long. Here, I'll give it back.
Mahoro: No, thank you for finding it. I thought we'd returned all of Kanata's things back then...
Nagi: ...
Mahoro: I'll make sure it gets back to Kanata's family.
Hotaru: Yes... Please do.
Mahoro: Sorry, my phone's ringing. I'll step out for a moment.
Natsume: I'm getting water. Hotaru, you're coming with me.
Hotaru: Huh? Oh, yes!
Nagi: Wow. Putting her to work already?
Natsume: I can't carry water for five people by myself, can I?!
Hotaru: I'll help!
Houka: Hehe. Hotaru-san and Natsume-san may turn out to be a surprisingly good pair.
Nagi: Maybe...
Nagi: Hey, Houka... what are you after?
Houka: Hm? Whatever do you mean?
Nagi: Don't play dumb. I know your motivation for the band dropped after what happened with Kanata.
Nagi: And I remember you were the one who first brought up disbanding. But ever since Shiomi-san showed up, you're suddenly all fired up.
Nagi: So... what are you planning?
Houka: My, what a dreadful way to put it.
Houka: I merely saw a possibility.
Nagi: The possibility of bringing the band back? Or something else?
Houka: Really, you are terribly suspicious.
Houka: I did not want millsage to disband, so I took action with Shiomi-san's help. That is all.
Houka: You do keep a very close eye on things, Nagi-san. I understand why you end up thinking more than most, but...
Houka: If you think so much that you only keep standing still, does that not become terribly dull?
Nagi: ...
Natsume: Hey, first-years. Don't show off how badly you get along in front of the new girl.
Houka: My, badly? Not at all.
Nagi: We're just messing around. That's all.
Natsume: Sure you are.
Hotaru: I brought the water! Nagi-san, Houka-san, here you go!
Houka: My, thank you very much♡
Nagi: Thanks...
Natsume: *Sigh*...
Mahoro: E-everyone!!
Nagi: ? What's wrong? You're in a hurry.
Mahoro: A live show! We got an offer to play a live show!
Mahoro: A live house we played at ages ago asked if we wanted to join a band battle show a month from now!
Nagi: Huh? Why all of a sudden?
Mahoro: Well... until pretty recently, I was thinking about where we should hold our final live. So I'd been contacting a bunch of live houses.
Mahoro: They reached out to say they had an open slot, and when I told them what's going on with millsage now, they suggested this.
Houka: If it is a month from now, I imagine we could make it work, couldn't we?
Mahoro: Right?! They went out of their way to invite us, and the timing couldn't be better!
Mahoro: This is our chance! We have to take it!
Natsume: Hold on. Just because Hotaru can play doesn't mean we've even rehearsed as a band yet, you know?
Natsume: Playing together is a whole different thing.
Mahoro: I-I know that, but...
Nagi: Mahoro... are you rushing this?
Mahoro: N-no, I'm not...
(Background change)
Kanata: It's happiness I wanna share, more than we could ever hold in both hands.
Kanata: Hey, Mahoro. Truth is, I...
Mahoro: Huh...?
(Background change)
Mahoro: No, really. I'm not.
Mahoro: I just thought... it might help if we had something soon to aim for.
Mahoro: And I think it's a step millsage has to take someday if we're going to move forward... so maybe it's worth trying.
Nagi: I mean... that's true.
Houka: Everything is experience, after all. I do think it may be worth trying. What do you think, Hotaru-san?
Hotaru: A live...
Hotaru: (My first live house stage... nothing like the competitions I'm used to.)
Hotaru: (I'd be lying... if I said I wasn't nervous, but...)
Hotaru: I... I'll do it.
Hotaru: (If it's for millsage...!)
Hotaru: I want to play that live!
