10450:adv_script_anotherstory_10450 Happy end

Get in the way...? Did you just say my guitar is getting in the way?

(Background change)

[Episode 20: A Few Days After the Live]

(Background change)

[Minase Girls' Academy - Roof]

Natsume: Hmm...
Natsume: This isn't the phrase. It fits in all wrong.
Natsume: It needs something with real flair... Like—
Junior A: Um... Excuse me!
Natsume: ...?
Junior A: We were hoping to film a dance video up here...
Natsume: Oh, yeah? Knock yourselves out.
Junior A: No, um... That's why...
Natsume: ? What?
Junior B: Come on, you have to say it properly!
Junior A: But she's scary...!
Junior B: Fine, I'll say it!
Natsume: ...?
Junior B: Well, since we're filming a dance video... could you stop playing your guitar for a little while?
Natsume: Huh? Why?
Natsume: It's not like I'm trying to get in your way. I said you could do whatever you wanted.
Junior B: No... We're going to dance, you know? Obviously, we'll be playing the song so we can hear it.
Junior B: Wouldn't your guitar get in the way?
Natsume: Get in the way...? Did you just say my guitar is getting in the way?
Junior A: Eek...
Natsume: Ugh... This is exactly why brainless kids are the worst... You have no idea, do you?
Junior B: Aren't you the one who doesn't get it? We're trying to make some good high school memories here.
Junior B: We're not like some senior who plays guitar all alone!
Natsume: Oh? Well, aren't you feeling bold.
Natsume: Then I'll say exactly what I think. Is that really the kind of youth you're satisfied with?
Junior B: What...?
Natsume: If one person playing guitar is enough to throw off your dancing, your skills must be pretty damn shallow. And you're going to put that on display?
Natsume: You'll put your faces and the name of your school all over social media, and all you'll get is a few fleeting "likes."
Natsume: And what good will that do you for the rest of your lives?
Junior B: W-Wha...!
Natsume: You can't become someone, so you throw yourselves into whatever gives you an easy way to feel fulfilled.
Natsume: I'd rather play guitar alone a thousand times over than live a life lying to myself.
Junior A: L-Let's just go...! I'm sorry. Excuse us!
Junior B: H-Hey, wait... Ugh! You don't even get to make memories like this 'cause you're a loner!
Natsume: Hmph. At least she has a gift for parting shots.
Natsume: Wait... What I just said was pretty cool, wasn't it...?
Natsume: I have to add that to my autobiography notes...!
Nagi: *Sigh*... You really caused another scene, didn't you?
Natsume: What!? Nagi... and Houka too!? How long have you been there!
Houka: We have only just arrived♪
Nagi: People in class were getting all excited about going up to the rooftop, so I had a bad feeling about it.
Nagi: And, well... it was exactly what I expected.
Natsume: What? It's like you're saying this is all my fault.
Nagi: It is, though... We're the ones who'll be getting complaints later, you know.
Natsume: Not my problem.
Houka: How cruel. You were so dependable when millsage was in trouble.
Nagi: Exactly. You were even the one who kept everyone together.
Natsume: You two only join forces at times like this...
Natsume: You've got the wrong idea. I didn't do that for either of you.
Houka: ?
Natsume: I told you. I only wanted to protect Kanata's music... and the band.
Natsume: If you all quit on your own and broke up the band, I'd be the one in trouble.
Houka: Well, I understand that much, but...
Nagi: Could you perhaps live a little more peacefully?
Natsume: Hmph. That's impossible—
Natsume: I'd rather play guitar alone a thousand times over than live a life lying to myself.
