10103:adv_script_mujica_002_exstory_1_01 Convivium in nave.

(Yes, even if the other party is the devil himself...)

(Background change)
(Background change)
Audience A: It's almost showtime... Ah, I just can't wait! Tonight's masquerade on the ship!
Audience B: I can't wait to see it with my own eyes either. The beautiful Ave Mujica...!
(Background change)
Oblivionis: Welcome, and thank you all for gracing us with your presence. To everyone aboard the Emerald Symphony...
(Background change)
Oblivionis: The vast ocean, swallowing even the moonlight... A mansion born upon the waves, bathed in the light of the North Star piercing through the darkness.
(Background change)
Oblivionis: Dwelling within are the lovely maidens of the sea. Please, enjoy this one-night-only feast to your heart's content—
(Background change)
Sadaharu: ...
(Background change)
Sakiko: ...
Sakiko: (Even after our re-debut, our little world can hardly be considered secure. If that's the case... there's only one thing left to do—)
(Background change)
Sakiko: (To that end, whether it's the blood of the Togawa or anything else, I will use it all.)
(Background change)
Sakiko: (Yes, even if the other party is the devil himself...)

[A Few Days Ago]

(Background change)

[Win-Wing-Production - Meeting Room]

Nyamu: A party on a cruise ship?
Umiri: Yes. It's supposedly an annual luxury liner party hosted by the Togawa Group, and they only invite industry insiders.
Sakiko: We've been asked to put on a masquerade to add some flair to the event. That is our task.
Uika: Wow, a party on a cruise ship sounds amazing!
Umiri: Indeed. A stage befitting Mujica, who have so brilliantly marked our re-debut.
Nyamu: No, no, no. Umiko, do you really get it? The Togawa party is famous for attracting politicians, world-class film directors, and huge celebrities.
Nyamu: It's an ultra-exclusive, closed-door party strictly for the chosen few.
Uika: You know a lot about it, Nyamu-chan.
Nyamu: It's not like that. When you're in this industry, you hear that kind of stuff whether you like it or not.
Umiri: It's an annual event, after all. Wakaba-san, have you ever attended one before?
Mutsumi: I went when I was a child.
Nyamu: ...
Mutsumi: Saki danced with me, too.
Sakiko: That is a thing of the past. It was so long ago I can barely recall it.
Nyamu: I mean, why are we getting such a huge gig out of nowhere? Things are going a little too smoothly, it's kinda scary.
Mutsumi: It's only been a week since our re-debut.
(Background change)
Umiri: Regarding that—
Sakiko: Actually, I was the one who reached out about this some time ago.
Sakiko: Now that we've achieved our re-debut, we can't afford to sit back and relax. I've been pushing forward with negotiations in parallel with our preparations for the masquerade.
Sakiko: (Indeed, there is no time to rest. This party is merely the first step.)
(Background change)
Sakiko: (Grandfather will likely be attending the party as well... It will be the first time I've seen him since that day.)
(Background change)
Uika: Saki-chan? What's wrong?
Sakiko: No, it's nothing.
Sakiko: For this masquerade, I have devised one special touch.
Mutsumi: A special touch?
Sakiko: Yes. Since we have the good fortune of being on a cruise ship, I thought we might ask everyone aboard to wear a mask.
Mutsumi: Like we did in the old days...?
Sakiko: Yes. By donning a mask, one conceals their status and background, becoming someone other than their true self.
Sakiko: By experiencing the extraordinary, they will be able to immerse themselves in our masquerade even more. That's the idea.
Umiri: I see, a dress code. So it's a masked ball in the truest sense.
Uika: It sounds like it'll create quite an atmosphere. I think it's a great idea.
Sakiko: We have already revealed our faces to the world, but...
Sakiko: Donning our masks again requires "the greatest stage" and "the perfect timing."
Nyamu: Please stop looking at me when you say that.
Nyamu: Well, making connections with important people is important, I guess. We might as well go all out and leave an impression.
Sakiko: Then, everyone. Are we all in agreement?
Mutsumi: I have other work scheduled for those dates.
Uika: Huh, you do? What kind of work?
Mutsumi: Shooting a commercial for a new cosmetics brand, a drama interview... and...
Umiri: A script reading for a stage play in the evening.
Uika: Mutsumi-chan, your workload just keeps growing, doesn't it?
Nyamu: ...
Umiri: And please rest assured, all of those have already been adjusted.
Umiri: I was instructed some time ago by Togawa-san to manage Wakaba-san's schedule.
Sakiko: Thank you, Umiri. You're a great help.
Umiri: Not at all. This much is only natural as a band member.
Sakiko: Mutsumi... You're alright with this, aren't you?
Mutsumi: Yeah.
Sakiko: Then it's unanimous. Let us have our guests fully savor the world of Ave Mujica.
(Background change)
Mutsumi: Understood.
Umiri: Please just relax and enjoy the voyage, as if you were aboard a grand ship.
Nyamu: Well, I'll do what needs to be done.
Uika: As the frontwoman of Mujica, I'll sing with all my heart and soul.
Sakiko: Yes. Let us show them a perfect masquerade.
