10561:adv_script_natsume_nagi_linkstory_1 Natsume & Nagi 1

(Background change)

[Minase Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Natsume: ...
(Background change)
Natsume: "Most students go to a Café after school. Me? I'm swamped with composing and band practice. Same as always."
Natsume: "No carefree after-school days for me. But that's okay. I knew the sacrifices this path would demand when I chose it."
(Background change)
Natsume: (Good... That came off cool.)
Natsume: (Self-branding matters these days. By letting people see my life and what I stand for, I can...)
Middle School Student A: Oh, you have practice today? Good luck!
Middle School Student B: Are you free tomorrow? Maybe we could go to a Café together~?
Nagi: Ah... Sorry. I've got to go.
Natsume: ...
Middle School Student A: By the way, when's your next live? I'm definitely coming!
Middle School Student B: Oh, me too~! I'll bring you some snacks!
Nagi: Thanks... But... I need to get through here now... Ah—
Natsume: Ugh.
Nagi: Hey, Natsume-senpai. Good work todayyy.
Natsume: ...
Nagi: Wait, seriously? Natsume-senpai, don't ignore me.
Natsume: Ah... I thought I heard an annoying little gnat buzzing.
Nagi: Ahaha. Someone's grumpy.
Middle School Student A: Wait, was that about us? That's so mean!
Middle School Student B: Right~? Isn't she that weird girl from the roof? Poor Kotohira-senpai, getting stuck in a band with someone like her.
Natsume: Will you two just give it a rest already...?
Nagi: Uh-oh.
Natsume: Twenty seconds.
Middle School Student B: ...?
Natsume: That's how long you two just wasted. I could've done one set of finger exercises in that time.
Natsume: Maybe ordinary people like you wouldn't understand, but time is limited. And it's precious.
Natsume: Don't make me waste it on something so pointless.
Middle School Student A: Excuse me!?
Natsume: Come on, Nagi. We're losing practice time.
Middle School Student B: W-Wait, Kotohira-senpai—
Nagi: Sorry. See you around.
Nagi: Natsume-senpai... wait up. You didn't have to go that far.
Natsume: If you've got a problem with it, I'll ignore you next time.
Natsume: And you're no better. Don't let a bunch of girls fawning over you go to your head.
Nagi: I wasn't letting it go to my head... Besides, you're just giving people more to gossip about, Natsume-senpai.
Natsume: Hmph. Let them say whatever they want.
Natsume: It's not like I care whether that lot likes me. All I need is the approval of people who know what they're looking at.
Nagi: Is that how it works?
Natsume: That's how it works. Someone who knows what they're looking at won't suck up or make themselves small. They've got to have a bit of nerve.
Nagi: Ahaha. You're making me blush.
Natsume: What...?! Don't get ahead of yourself. You're just cheeky, that's all.
Nagi: Am I, though? I do respect you, you know.
Natsume: That's exactly what I'm talking about! You don't take me seriously at all, do you?!
Nagi: Ahaha. As if.
(Background change)
Natsume: That's what I'm sayinggg!
