10563:adv_script_natsume_nagi_linkstory_3 Natsume & Nagi 3

(Background change)

[Minase Girls' Academy - Roof]

Nagi: So this is where you were, Natsume-senpai.
Natsume: What...? Could you not interrupt my practice?
Nagi: Will you check your messages already?
Natsume: Messages?
Nagi: Yeah. Mahoro sent one. You still haven't said which proposed date works for our next live.
Natsume: Oh... this. I didn't notice it.
Natsume: You know how I stop checking my phone when I get absorbed in something, right?
Nagi: I don't, actually. Just make sure you reply to her.
Nagi: I assume you must be very busy, seeing as you left half your lunch untouched.
Natsume: Hey... What? Quit staring at my lunch, okay?
Nagi: You're the one trying to hide it. Also, that's a cute lunchbox.
Natsume: Enough! If you're done here, just go already!
Nagi: No, if I head back now, I won't have time to eat... Can I eat here?
Natsume: Do what you want...
Nagi: It's an egg sandwich from the school store. Nice, right?
Natsume: What's so nice about that?
Natsume & Nagi: ...
Nagi: So the "Rooftop Guitarist" is back.
Natsume: Yeah... Now that I'm back in the band, I need to practice too, right?
Natsume: No idea who came up with it, but having a nickname isn't such a bad feeling.
(Background change)
Nagi: It's more of a bad reputation than a nickname, though. You've been claiming the rooftop and playing guitar by yourself forever.
(Background change)
Nagi: Were you like that even before you met Kanata?
Natsume: So what if I was...? If you don't play every day, you get rusty fast.
Nagi: (Every day...)
Nagi: (Then things must've been really bad during those six months she stayed away from school...)
Nagi: Still, you don't have to make such a show of practicing up here.
Natsume: Oh, give it a rest. There are reasons I can't play at home.
Natsume: More importantly, are you actually practicing? I'll know right away if you've been slacking off.
Nagi: I've got my own pace.
Natsume: What? If you're serious about aiming for Suisei Rising, you know doing what you've always done won't cut it, right?
Natsume: Hotaru may be a genius, but the rest of us can't afford to fall short.
Natsume: Of course, I won't lose to Hotaru either. But I can't be satisfied with just that.
Nagi: You're really fired up.
Natsume: Obviously. We can't just settle for Suisei Rising.
Natsume: The kind of cool I'm aiming for is way beyond that.
Nagi: Haaah...
Nagi: (That's exactly why I find her so hard to deal with...)
Nagi: That's pretty cool.
Natsume: You don't mean that at all, do you?
Nagi: I meeean it.
Natsume: This girl...
Nagi: Mmm... This egg sandwich is good.
