10562:adv_script_natsume_nagi_linkstory_2 Natsume & Nagi 2

(Background change)

[The Garage]

Nagi: Good work todaaay... Huh? Is it just you, Natsume-senpai?
Natsume: Yeah. What are the other three even doing?
Nagi: Well... They'll get here eventually.
Nagi & Natsume: ...
Natsume: (It's just Nagi and me in the garage...)
Natsume: (If there's ever a time to show this off, it's now...!)
Natsume: ...
Natsume: ...
Nagi: ...
Natsume: Seriously? How have you not noticed?
Nagi: Huh...? What's with you all of a sudden?
Natsume: There's something you're supposed to say. Come on.
Nagi: Uh... Nice weather we're having?
Natsume: <size=150%>No!
Nagi: Oh, did you get your bangs cut?
Natsume: That's not it either! It's the effector! The effector! You seriously couldn't tell from the sound!? Look!
Nagi: Hmm... Maybe it does sound a little different from usual...
Natsume: Not "maybe"—it does sound different! Look down! It's a new one!
Nagi: Oh. Now that you mention it.
Natsume: I can't believe this... You're a guitarist, aren't you? How can you not tell the difference?
Nagi: Maybe you're just a little too particular, Natsume-senpai...
Nagi: Didn't you buy a new one before, too?
Natsume: Hmph. You put your paycheck straight into gear. That's what being in a band is all about.
Nagi: How do you even have that kind of money...? What kind of job do you have?
Natsume: Specialized work...
Natsume: And you should pay more attention to your pedals. Don't you care about shaping your sound?
Nagi: Hmm... I think what I've got now is fine.
Nagi: It's not like I need a whole bunch of pedals to play. Besides, the amp can do some of that too.
Natsume: You sure are cheeky...
Natsume: All right... Listen up. A guitarist's sound is their calling card.
Natsume: Technique matters, of course, but the way you shape your sound says something about you too. Right now, though, you couldn't sound less distinctive.
Nagi: Huh...? But aren't you our lead guitarist, Natsume-senpai? I mean, we've never really decided that, but...
Nagi: Then isn't it fine if I don't stand out—
Natsume: <size=150%>No, it isn't!
Nagi: !?
Natsume: Do you think the only difference between lead and rhythm guitar is whether you stand out or not?
Natsume: If you do, you've got it completely wrong!
Natsume: Sure, there are differences in where they sit in the mix. But rhythm guitar isn't a part you can just phone in.
Natsume: Anyone with a good ear notices those things. In other words, they'll know if you're cutting corners!
Natsume: And anyway, we don't divide up our guitar parts like that in the first place!
Nagi: *Sigh*...
Natsume: So take a page out of my book and put real work into shaping your sound! This affects the whole band!
Nagi: Uh... Yeah, okay. Your attention to detail is seriously something else, Natsume-senpai.
Natsume: Exactly. You'd do well to apply yourself more.
Nagi: I've only been playing for about two years. I'm still a beginner, so I might not be ready for that level yet.
Nagi: Man, I've got a long way to go before I can catch up to you.
Natsume: Hmph! Now that's the right attitude!
Natsume: Whenever you're ready, I'll teach you! Just make sure you work hard!
Nagi: Okaaay.
