10591:adv_script_miku_yomogi_linkstory_1 Miku & Yomogi 1

(Background change)

[After Band Practice]

Yomogi: *Huff*... *Pant*... I have to change into it... Fast~~~!
(Background change)
Miku: I'm home~
Yomogi: Haaah...
Miku: Huh...? Yomogi-san, you're already changed into your loungewear? We got to the door at almost the same time.
Yomogi: Ugh... I am so sorry for changing first thing without even saying I was home or putting my things away...!
Miku: No, I get that it was rough. The practice studio was all the way past the station.
Miku: I was just wondering why changing clothes came before oxygen.
Yomogi: Y-You are right...! I was in such a panic that it felt like my body was demanding loungewear on its own...
Miku: Well, I guess some people are like that. They get home and just have to change right away.
Yomogi: Yes! Exactly!!
Miku: Whoa, personal space!
Yomogi: The outside world is always so frightening... All those strangers, all those eyes... I cannot take it anymore...
Yomogi: The moment I leave my safe zone, I do not even know how to breathe or walk anymore. It is pathetic...
Yomogi: I cannot even act normal. Every second, I am embarrassing myself, and knowing that tears my heart apart... My mind is in a million pieces!!
Miku: T-That sounds rough...
Yomogi: Before that happens, I put this on! The precious "Onishigu" merch: the Aiming T-shirt!!
Miku: Aiming...? Oh, that is how you read the kanji on the shirt.
Yomogi: Yes! It is the precious motto carried by Godo-kun!
Yomogi: Godo-kun can face any hardship because he is determined to always be Aiming!
Yomogi: When I wear this, it feels like I am wearing Godo-kun's resolve too. Like it wraps up all the weak, wobbly parts of me...!
Miku: I see. So that is why you changed first thing.
Yomogi: Exactly! If I stay in my outside clothes, it still feels like I have to keep fighting.
Miku: Ah... I get it now.
(Background change)
Miku: (Yomogi-san always seems like she wants to hide somewhere, so I had wondered why her regular clothes stand out so much.)
Miku: (But maybe those are Yomogi-san's "armor." Clothes for fighting all the things outside that scare her.)
Miku: (And when she takes off that "armor," she can be herself...)
(Background change)
Miku: That is a nice T-shirt.
Yomogi: What!? You think so too, Miku-san!?
Yomogi: Um, if you would like, I could give you this T-shirt... I cannot! It is my only one!!
Yomogi: Giving away my one and only emotional safety charm is too much... No, but you said you liked it...!
Miku: I did not say I liked it. And I would not wear it anyway.
Yomogi: Hmm... Oh! It's not much of a substitute, but would you like to read the manga!?
Yomogi: I will lend you the full "Onishigu" set for as many days as you need, Miku-san!!
Miku: It's fine, really...! I only said the T-shirt was nice.
Yomogi: Please, do not hold back!! I want you to lose yourself in the world of "Onishigu"!
Miku: (I should not have said anything... I need to be more careful from now on.)
