10592:adv_script_miku_yomogi_linkstory_2 Miku & Yomogi 2

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Yard]

Yomogi: I'm hungry...
Yomogi: (I already ate all the cup noodles my family sent me, and I do not feel like filling up on snacks...)
Yomogi: (When this happens...)
(Background change)
Account A: "I just read Onishigu through Volume 10. Godo is way too Aiming."
Account B: "A first-time Onishigu reaction in this day and age... Good. Come this way... It is not scary..."
Account C: "Onishigu should be required reading for all humanity."
(Background change)
Yomogi: Haaaah!! Every word is right! Every word gets a like! Five hundred million likes!!
Yomogi: Even if my stomach is empty, if my heart is full, then I can...
Miku: So you were hungry after all.
Yomogi: Gasp...!!
Yomogi: M-Miku-san, how did you know I would be here...!?
Miku: You are usually here around this time. Sitting here, happily looking at your phone.
Yomogi: Happily... Hehe, hehehe... That is right~!
Yomogi: Could you be interested too, Miku-san...!? My source of strength!
Miku: "Onishigu," right?
Yomogi: Finding posts with people's reactions is part of it too!
Miku: Manga reactions?
Yomogi: "Onishigu" is quite a vintage delinquent manga, so it is hard to find anyone to talk about it with.
Yomogi: People who are just starting it are even more precious...! When I find an account like that, I have to follow it right away!
Yomogi: When they post their thoughts, I like and reply. Making sure they have a place where they can talk freely about "Onishigu" has become one of the reasons I live~!
Miku: I... I see...
Yomogi: I found another post earlier from someone reading Onishigu manga for the first time, and oh, my heart has been skipping along so happily ever since...!
Miku: Oh, Yomogi-san. Before I forget, this is for you.
Yomogi: Is this... an energy bar?
Miku: Tonight's dinner was mostly things you do not like, was it not? I noticed you barely ate anything.
Miku: You need to put something in your stomach. It is not good for you otherwise.
Yomogi: ...!!
Miku: That is all. Sorry for interrupting you.
Yomogi: Miku-san!! That is exactly what Sayuri-chan said to Godo-kun in Volume 8 of "Saga of the Steel-spirit Bancho: Onishigure"!!
Miku: (Oh no. Here we go.)
Yomogi: Godo-kun kept pushing away the rice balls, saying he did not feel like eating... Then Sayuri-chan gently took his hand and said those very words!
Yomogi: Now I feel like I am going to bite into this energy bar with the exact same face Godo-kun made when he ate that rice ball~!
Miku: Do whatever you want... That expression does not mean anything to me.
Yomogi: What a waste!! I will go get Volume 8 right now. Would you like to read it!?
Yomogi: Ah, but that scene only hits because of everything that came before it, so I think it would be much better if you started from Volume 1!
Miku: Hmm...
Miku: (If I say "maybe another time," I will have to read it eventually. But if I say "I will not," I might hurt her feelings...)
Miku: What about Raika or Cherie? Delinquent manga is not really my thing.
Yomogi: No problem!! I will create the perfect environment for you to enjoy it with your whole heart, Miku-san!
Yomogi: That is what I live for!!
Miku: Ngh...
Miku: I will borrow it someday...
