10570:adv_script_nagi_mahoro_linkstory_1 Nagi & Mahoro 1

(Background change)

[The Garage]

Mahoro: Hmm...
Nagi: Mahoro...? Why are you glaring at your phone like that?
Mahoro: Mm... I need to send in my availability soon.
Nagi: Availability? I thought you'd quit your job.
Mahoro: I haven't quit. I just took the past month or so off so I could focus on the band.
Nagi: Got it. So you're going back to the family restaurant, then.
Mahoro: Yeah. I was trying to decide when to start back, but my manager asked if I could help out...
Mahoro: Apparently, a new hire who'd just started quit.
Nagi: Ah...
Mahoro: Besides, it feels like a good time to go back. We don't have to cram in solo practice like we used to, right?
Nagi: The manager must be thrilled. Their star server is coming back.
Nagi: With that bright smile and impeccable service, Hamasaki-san is a hit with everyone from families to seniors.
Mahoro: Oh~ Nagi-chan, you're laying it on a little thick~!
Nagi: Haha. You don't exactly hate hearing it.
Mahoro: Well, I mean... You know? How's work been for you, Nagi-chan?
Nagi: Eh, it's been going all right.
Mahoro: Still at that bookstore? The one where that elderly lady is the only other person who works there?
Nagi: Yep. She gives me candy sometimes.
Mahoro: This might be a weird thing to ask, but... Do you actually get customers there?
Nagi: Hmm. Well, we do. About one person every other day.
Mahoro: Whaaat...? That few?
Nagi: I mean, that's about normal.
Nagi: It's independent and small. They don't carry much manga or many popular novels, either.
Mahoro: And that works...?
Nagi: Apparently, all the books they carry are rare. So I guess there's demand for them.
Nagi: As far as I'm concerned, as long as I can read when it's quiet, I'm happy. Oh, I only read books that aren't for sale.
Mahoro: Is that okay for someone who works there?
Nagi: If the owner says it's fine, it is.
Mahoro: That's such a weird job.
Nagi: Yeah.
Nagi: Maybe I should pick up more shifts too. We'll need money for lives and stuff from now on, right?
Mahoro: Oof...!
Mahoro: You're right, Nagi-chan... We have so many expenses coming up...!
Nagi: Haha. Being in a band gets expensive.
Mahoro: Hmm... We've just gotta work hard, right...? Okay! I'm gonna take on lots of shifts!
