10596:adv_script_miku_chieri_linkstory_3 Miku & Chieri 3

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Miku's Room]

Miku: And my English notebook goes in... All right... I am ready for tomorrow.
Miku: (It is already this late... Maybe I will work on my composition a little before bed.)
Chieri: Miku! Are you still awake?!
Miku: Aah!? Hey, I told you to knock!
Chieri: Never mind that. You should be thanking Chieri!
Miku: "Never mind that"...?
Chieri: Chieri has prepared the greatest present for you! It is a special gift for one of Chieri's subordinates.
Chieri: Ta-da!! "The Great Chieri Encyclopedia"!
Miku: What...?
Chieri: Take it and look inside already. Come on! Hurry!
Miku: What is with that notebook? I do not know what I am supposed to do with this out of nowhere.
Chieri: Chieri knows. There is something else you have been even more troubled by, Miku.
Miku: Huh?
Chieri: Chieri noticed that you have been giving Chieri passionate looks day after day.
Chieri: The reason is obvious: you have been stuck composing our new song, "Glory of Chieri-sama"!!
Chieri: This encyclopedia is exactly what you need to help you out, Miku! Wow, such devoted support for a subordinate... Even Chieri is impressed!
Miku: *Sigh*...
Chieri: Heheh, Chieri's greatness has left you speechless, has it?
Miku: Yeah. You are so amazing I cannot even find the words.
Chieri: See? See?! Now, read it!
Miku: "Chapter 1: Behold Chieri's Physical Greatness"...?
Chieri: Chieri is fast on her feet and a fast swimmer too. I am this close to being the fastest in my class!
Miku: Those are some very elementary-school-level bragging points.
Chieri: Chapter 2 is "Behold Chieri's Great Sense of Style," and Chapter 3 is "Behold Chieri's Great Intelligence."
Miku: What even is this...?
Miku: For starters, I never said I was going to write a song called "Glory of Chieri-sama."
Chieri: Wha...?!
Chieri: What do you mean?! You promised!
Miku: I am writing songs for the band. I am not writing a song just for you.
Miku: You understand now, right? Take that notebook and get out.
Chieri: W-Wait! I need Miku if I am going to recruit a hundred million subordinates!
Miku: Hey, let go! That has nothing to do with me!
Chieri: It does! Your songs are amazing, Miku!!
Miku: !
Chieri: Our very first song! That was the song that showed off Chieri's greatness better than anything else!
Chieri: That is why Chieri absolutely, absolutely needs a song by Miku that lets Chieri drum at her absolute best!!
Miku: Aaaaugh, enough already!! Out. Now!
Chieri: Ow!
Chieri: Chieri will not give up until you write it for meeee!
Miku: *Sigh*... She is seriously exhausting...
Miku: (But...)
Chieri: That is why Chieri absolutely, absolutely needs a song by Miku that lets Chieri drum at her absolute best!!
Miku: Hehe...
Miku: (I will not write a song just for you. But I will write a song that lets you play at your "absolute best.")
