10594:adv_script_miku_chieri_linkstory_1 Miku & Chieri 1

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Living Room]

Miku: I'm home—
Chieri: Miku!! Chieri is mega-amazing today!
Miku: You startled me...! Can you just say hi normally?
Chieri: Chieri is not someone who can be contained by "normal."
Miku: Yeah, yeah. So what is so amazing today?
Chieri: Hehe. Miku is not the only one who knows what we are running low on at home.
Chieri: Ta-da!! The union leader has personally restocked our everyday essentials!
Miku: What!?
Chieri: You are surprised, and you want to admire me too, right? I picked up eeevery last thing at the convenience store!
Miku: Oh... So that is what happened...
Chieri: You are so amazed you are holding your head...! It is a little dramatic, but I will allow it!
Miku: No, that is not it. I bought some too...
Chieri: Wha...?!
Chieri: B-But Chieri got back first! Besides, Chieri must have bought more things than Miku did!
Miku: I just hope we got different things... What did you buy, Cherie?
Chieri: So this is a restocking contest...! All right. Chieri accepts your challenge!
Chieri: Ahem... First up, from the leader of the Chieri Union... Toilet paper!
Miku: See? I got that too. It's right here in my other hand, not in the bag. You can tell just by looking, right?
Chieri: Hmph... Then item number two... Toothpaste!
Miku: *Sigh*... I bought that too.
Chieri: Urgh... How about this? Plastic wrap!
Miku: Yep, I got that too. Even the same size...
Chieri: Then, fabric softener refill!
Miku: That too. At least it is a different scent, so that is okay.
Chieri: We are even so far...! But Chieri still has a final secret weapon!
Chieri: Here we go... Ta-da!! Dish soap!
Miku: Bought it. Double-size refill.
Chieri: Wha...?! It is twice the size of Chieri's...!
Miku: Is that everything you bought, Cherie? Then I guess this one is not a duplicate.
Miku: Rubber gloves. Separate from the ones for the kitchen and bathroom, I thought we could use them for hand-washing Shizuku's clothes.
Chieri: Ugh, you pulled even farther ahead...! Chieri is amazing, but Miku is even more amazing...!
Miku: Hehe.
Chieri: Why are you laughing? Is that the confidence of a winner?
Miku: No. It is just that this has never happened before.
Miku: (When I lived with my mother, I was the only one who ever bought backup supplies.)
Chieri: ? I do not really understand, but I will not lose next time!
Miku: Let's make sure there is no next time. From now on, we should message each other before we go shopping.
Miku: Convenience stores are expensive too, so we can share information about drugstore sales...
Miku: You know, the whole "let us know" thing.
Chieri: "Lettuce"...? Then Chieri is bok choy!
Miku: What...?
Chieri: Bok choy sounds rarer than lettuce, right? Chieri's vegetable choice is a winner, too!
Miku: That is not what I meant...!
Miku: (You little monster... Listen when someone is talking!)
