10595:adv_script_miku_chieri_linkstory_2 Miku & Chieri 2

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Living Room]

Chieri: Hmph... I am sure I have done this question before...
Chieri: I almost remember... It looks familiar, but I just can't place it...!
Miku: Cherie, I am making black tea. Want some?
Chieri: I know the year and what happened... So why can I not remember it...?
Miku: Cherie, what are you doing?
Chieri: Aah!? D-Don't look!!
Miku: What? If you do not want anyone looking, you should do it in your room.
Chieri: I was! It was the thing where you go somewhere else and give your brain a quick whoosh!
Miku: A whoosh...? Oh, you mean refreshing yourself.
Chieri: That is it! Chieri knew that!
Miku: Why not take a quick break...? I am making black tea.
Chieri: Mm... I will have some.
Miku: Okay. Just wait a minute.
(Background change)
Miku: Here you go.
Chieri: Just as expected of Miku. Making black tea especially for Chieri...
Miku: I was making some anyway. So why did you not want me to see that Japanese history assignment?
Chieri: W-When did you see it!?
Miku: Just now. It looked like you had filled in about half of it, though.
Chieri: Everything's been going smoothly so far. That is why I should be able to solve this question too!
Miku: So there is a question you are stuck on. Let us see... Ah, this is—
Chieri: Aaaah!! Do not look at the question, and do not answer it!
Miku: That is what I am asking. Why?
Chieri: Chieri is the union leader! I have to be smarter than my subordinate!
Miku: You are in different grades. That is not something you need to worry about, is it?
Chieri: Mm... B-But, if I do not solve it myself, it does not really count...
Miku: *Sigh*... Then keep trying on your own. I will head back to my room.
Chieri: W-Wait, please!
Chieri: F-Fine... If Miku wants to teach Chieri so badly, Chieri will graciously accept a hint.
Miku: What?
Chieri: If Chieri hears the answer, it'll count as Miku having solved this assignment. That means it will not be Chieri's achievement anymore.
Chieri: But if Miku gives Chieri a hint and Chieri writes down the answer, there is no problem!
Chieri: Now then, capable subordinate Miku. Give Chieri the perfect hint that makes it click!
Miku: ...
Miku: Oh, Chieri-chan, I am sorry~ It seems it is too difficult for me to understand.
Chieri: Wha...! But you were about to say something earlier!
Miku: Maybe you just imagined it~ But I am sure Cherie can do it.
Miku: I believe in Chieri-chan's potential! Bye!
Chieri: Hey, we are not done talking yet!
Chieri: Just give Chieri a hint that proves you believe in her potential! Miku, come baaack!!
