10478:adv_script_anon_taki_linkstory_2 Anon & Taki 2

(Background change)

[RiNG - Studio]

Taki: Make sure each note in that part comes through clearly. Otherwise, the hits won't land.
Anon: I know, I know~! Rikki, you're such a demon! A total drill sergeant!
Taki: I'm not a demon or a drill sergeant. If you're serious about being in a band, this much is expected.
Anon: I mean, sure, but~!
Anon: But can't you compliment me once in a while? I'm practicing so hard I'm even giving up my break for this~!
Taki: If you want praise, play something worth praising.
Anon: If it were that easy, I would have done it already! Besides, I'm the type that improves with praise, you know?
Anon: Actually, what about you, Rikki?
Taki: What about me?
Anon: Don't you ever think, "I wish someone would praise me~!"?
Taki: Not really. I know my own skill better than anyone.
Anon: Wow, such a model-student answer!
Anon: Oh, I know! Then here's the plan: I'll start by praising you, Rikki!
Taki: Huh? How did you get to that?
Anon: Since you've clearly lost touch with your human side, Rikki, I've gotta remind you of one basic truth: Getting praised feels good!
Taki: You...
Anon: Let's see, good things about Rikki...
Taki: You really don't have to say anything.
Anon: You work so hard on composing and arranging our songs~ And you're really dedicated to your part-time job too...
Anon: And you're actually pretty good at looking out for people! I mean, you're giving up your break to help me right now.
Taki: ...
Anon: And also~
Taki: Okay... That's enough.
Anon: What~?! But I'm just getting started!
Taki: Seriously, that's enough. Get back to practice already.
Anon: Fine, fine. Should we pick up from that part earlier?
Taki: ...
Anon: Rikki?
Taki: About what I pointed out earlier... I only said it because I thought you could do better, or...
Taki: And, well... I do think it's kind of amazing how you never give up, Anon.
Anon: ...! Rikkiii~!!
Taki: Okay, we're done talking about this! Hurry up and keep going.
Anon: Okaaay!
Anon: All right, let's do this!
