10579:adv_script_raika_miku_linkstory_1 Raika & Miku 1

(Background change)

[P-Stay Dorm - Kitchen]

Raika: Hmm-hmm~♪
Raika: That should be enough rinsing.
Raika: Now, I just need to add the water...
Miku: Are you already getting dinner ready? Isn't it a little early for dinner?
Raika: Miku! We're making rice in an earthenware pot tonight~ There's a lot to get ready!
Raika: I want everyone to enjoy it, so I need to let it steam properly too...
Raika: Ah, that's too much water... Okay! Perfect!
Miku: ...
Raika: What's wrong, Miku? Curious about the rice?
Miku: Not really. I just came to get some tea.
Raika: But you keep touching your ear~?
Miku: *Sigh*... I really did come for tea.
Miku: I was just thinking that cooking rice is the one thing you can actually do properly. Even if you're hopeless at every other chore.
Raika: Oh, I guess so?
Miku: (I mean, she should put the same care into other chores that she puts into the rice.)
Miku: It's pretty unusual to be able to cook it in an earthenware pot, though. You have to watch the heat, and it takes a lot of work.
Raika: Rice made with love takes time and care!
Miku: That's what your grandma used to say, right?
Raika: That's right! Granny taught me, "If you ever have a family of your own, you need to at least be able to cook rice on your own."
Raika: She said I should become someone who can always cook delicious meals for their family.
Miku: I see...
Raika: Well... I only use an earthenware pot because I enjoy it! I love the crispy rice at the bottom~
Raika: Does that make you happy, Miku? Are you looking forward to our meals now?
Miku: Why are you making this about that?
Raika: Because you'll get to have delicious meals for the rest of your life, Miku!
Raika: You'll be eating my love, and it'll fill both your heart and your stomach. Our happiness is guaranteed to last even after we're grandmas!
Miku: What!?
Miku: (Does she really not realize how embarrassing that sounds...?)
Miku: Y-You can only cook rice. What are you even talking about?
Raika: Huh? Are you mad, Miku?
Miku: If you're saying you want to feed your family delicious meals, you should at least learn to make miso soup!
Raika: Oh! You like miso soup!
Miku: That's not what I mean. Think about nutrition... Actually, never mind.
Miku: Well then, I'll see you at dinner.
Raika: Wait, wait! Tell me what you were going to say!
Miku: You wouldn't understand even if I told you.
Raika: I would! I want you to keep explaining until I understand!
Raika: Hey, Mikuuu~!
