10551:adv_script_hotaru_natsume_linkstory_3 Hotaru & Natsume 3

(Background change)

[The Garage]

Hotaru: All right...
Hotaru: (The song we're practicing today should be okay now.)
Hotaru: (Maybe I'll take a short break. There should be some water in the refrigerator.)
Hotaru: (Huh...? This water has different packaging than usual. But if it's in here, I guess it's okay to have some...?)
Hotaru: I'll have some, then...
Hotaru: ...!?
Hotaru: *Cough*, *Cough*!? W-What is this...? My throat feels all scratchy...!
Natsume: What's all the commotion about?
Hotaru: N-Natsume-san...! The water in the refrigerator tastes strange...
Natsume: Oh. That's because it's hard water.
Hotaru: Hard water...?
Natsume: Yeah. It's water with lots of natural minerals in it.
Natsume: Most water in Japan is soft water instead. Hard water has a different feel going down.
Hotaru: You know a lot about this...
Natsume: Of course I do. I put that in there.
Hotaru: Oh, was it yours...!? I'm sorry. I drank it without asking...!
Natsume: It's fine. I left it in the shared refrigerator.
Natsume: I buy them in bulk online, so one bottle isn't a big deal.
Hotaru: Thank you... Do you prefer hard water, Natsume-san?
Natsume: Yeah. It feels like I'm actually drinking something.
Natsume: It's good on its own, and I use it when I make coffee sometimes, too.
Natsume: It makes the flavors more defined. Sharper, maybe? I've heard professional chefs use it a lot too.
Hotaru: Th-That sounds so grown-up...!
Natsume: Hmph! You're pretty perceptive for a kid.
Natsume: I'm two grades above you, after all. I see the world differently.
Hotaru: I've never really thought about different kinds of water before.
Natsume: You should pay more attention to what you put in your body, too. It all becomes part of you.
Natsume: And you're the vocalist, aren't you? Taking care of your throat is part of the job.
Hotaru: You're right...! I had never thought of it that way.
Natsume: Seriously. You really don't think ahead.
Hotaru: I'm sorry...
Natsume: For someone like you, I've got a useful tip.
Hotaru: Huh...?
Natsume: Eat something fried right before you sing.
Hotaru: Something fried...?
Natsume: Exactly. Convenience-store fried chicken is a good choice.
Natsume: It coats your throat with a layer of oil and makes it easier to sing. That's another technique the professional singers use.
Hotaru: Really? You know even things like that? That's amazing!
Natsume: Well, you could call it something I picked up on the job. If you're interested, I could teach you more.
Natsume: It might even help your performances, too.
Hotaru: Oh...! Thank you so much! Yes, please!
