10549:adv_script_hotaru_natsume_linkstory_1 Hotaru & Natsume 1

(Background change)

[The Garage]

Natsume: I keep telling you, this needs more sound packed into it!
Hotaru: Do you think so...? I think it is better as it is.
Natsume: Why? It would be cooler that way! My creator's instincts are telling me so, too!
Hotaru: I do think it would sound cool.
Natsume: Then what's the problem?
Hotaru: But I think that is only true when you hear the guitar on its own.
Hotaru: Unlike a solo, this will have other instruments and vocals too... I'm worried the guitar's cool sound might get buried.
Natsume: Ngh...
Hotaru: Wouldn't it be better to let the guitar stand out in the intro or during the instrumental break, rather than keeping it in the foreground the whole time?
Natsume: *Sigh*... Fine. You're saying it needs more contrast.
Hotaru: ! Thank you! I think that will make it an even lovelier song!
Natsume: I'm tired. Let's take a break.
Hotaru: Okay!
Natsume: ...
Natsume: (She has started speaking her mind before I even noticed.)
Natsume: (When she first joined the band, she was much more...)
Natsume: What do you think of it so far?
Hotaru: Oh... Um, I think it's good!
Natsume: Listen... If all you're going to do is say everything's good, a bot could do that.
Hotaru: A-A bot...?
Natsume: You're in charge of arrangements, so give me more of your own ideas.
Natsume: You're Kanata's student, aren't you? Kanata tried to arrange every phrase I gave her.
Natsume: Nothing good comes from everyone getting along and agreeing on everything.
Hotaru: Ugh... I-I'll do my best...!
Natsume: (Maybe she's gotten a little too bold...)
Natsume: (But she's been through a lot. Maybe she's simply grown more comfortable.)
Natsume: (Either way, it is a good change.)
Natsume: (If we're aiming for Comet Rising, she'll need it.)
Hotaru: Huh...? There's no water in the refrigerator... And it doesn't look like there are any extras, either...
Natsume: *Sigh*...
Natsume: Hotaru. Here.
Hotaru: Oh, okay!
Natsume: An energy drink. You can have one.
Hotaru: An energy drink...? Thank you.
Natsume: What? You don't like them? Then give it back.
Hotaru: Oh, no! It's just that I've never had one before...
Hotaru: But since you gave it to me, I'll try it.
Hotaru: Hmm... The carbonation is a little strong...
Natsume: Hmph! Just as I thought. You're still such a kid.
